---
page_title: "snowflake_grants Data Source - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# snowflake_grants (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# list all grants on account
data "snowflake_grants" "grants" {
  grants_on {
    account = true
  }
}

# list all grants in database with name "tst"
data "snowflake_grants" "grants2" {
  grants_on {
    object_name = "\"tst\""
    object_type = "DATABASE"
  }
}

# list all grants to role with name "ACCOUNTADMIN"
data "snowflake_grants" "grants3" {
  grants_to {
    role = "ACCOUNTADMIN"
  }
}

# list all grants of role with name "ACCOUNTADMIN"
data "snowflake_grants" "grants4" {
  grants_of {
    role = "ACCOUNTADMIN"
  }
}

# list all grants in database with name "tst"
data "snowflake_grants" "grants5" {
  future_grants_in {
    database = "\"tst\""
  }
}

# list all future grants in schema with name "mydatabase" and database with name "myschema"
data "snowflake_grants" "grants6" {
  future_grants_in {
    schema {
      database_name = "\"mydatabase\""
      schema_name   = "\"myschema\""
    }
  }
}

# list all future grants to role with name "ACCOUNTADMIN"
data "snowflake_grants" "grants7" {
  future_grants_to {
    role = "ACCOUNTADMIN"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `future_grants_in` (Block List, Max: 1) Lists all privileges on new (i.e. future) objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--future_grants_in))
- `future_grants_to` (Block List, Max: 1) Lists all privileges granted to the object on new (i.e. future) objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--future_grants_to))
- `grants_of` (Block List, Max: 1) Lists all objects to which the given object has been granted (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grants_of))
- `grants_on` (Block List, Max: 1) Lists all privileges that have been granted on an object or account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grants_on))
- `grants_to` (Block List, Max: 1) Lists all privileges granted to the object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grants_to))

### Read-Only

- `grants` (List of Object) The list of grants (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grants))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--future_grants_in"></a>
### Nested Schema for `future_grants_in`

Optional:

- `database` (String) Lists all privileges on new (i.e. future) objects of a specified type in the database granted to a role.
- `schema` (Block List, Max: 1) Lists all privileges on new (i.e. future) objects of a specified type in the schema granted to a role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--future_grants_in--schema))

<a id="nestedblock--future_grants_in--schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `future_grants_in.schema`

Required:

- `schema_name` (String) The name of the schema to list all privileges of new (ie. future) objects granted to

Optional:

- `database_name` (String) The database in which the scehma resides. Optional when querying a schema in the current database.



<a id="nestedblock--future_grants_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `future_grants_to`

Required:

- `role` (String) Lists all privileges on new (i.e. future) objects of a specified type in a database or schema granted to the role.


<a id="nestedblock--grants_of"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grants_of`

Optional:

- `role` (String) Lists all users and roles to which the role has been granted
- `share` (String) Lists all the accounts for the share and indicates the accounts that are using the share.


<a id="nestedblock--grants_on"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grants_on`

Optional:

- `account` (Boolean) Object hierarchy to list privileges on. The only valid value is: ACCOUNT. Setting this attribute lists all the account-level (i.e. global) privileges that have been granted to roles.
- `object_name` (String) Name of object to list privileges on
- `object_type` (String) Type of object to list privileges on.


<a id="nestedblock--grants_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grants_to`

Optional:

- `role` (String) Lists all privileges and roles granted to the role
- `share` (String) Lists all the privileges granted to the share
- `user` (String) Lists all the roles granted to the user. Note that the PUBLIC role, which is automatically available to every user, is not listed


<a id="nestedatt--grants"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grants`

Read-Only:

- `created_on` (String)
- `grant_option` (Boolean)
- `granted_by` (String)
- `granted_on` (String)
- `granted_to` (String)
- `grantee_name` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `privilege` (String)
