---
page_title: "snowflake_secrets Data Source - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Datasource used to get details of filtered secrets. Filtering is aligned with the current possibilities for SHOW SECRETS https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/show-secrets query. The results of SHOW and DESCRIBE are encapsulated in one output collection secrets.
---

# snowflake_secrets (Data Source)

Datasource used to get details of filtered secrets. Filtering is aligned with the current possibilities for [SHOW SECRETS](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/show-secrets) query. The results of SHOW and DESCRIBE are encapsulated in one output collection `secrets`.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `in` (Block List, Max: 1) IN clause to filter the list of secrets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--in))
- `like` (String) Filters the output with **case-insensitive** pattern, with support for SQL wildcard characters (`%` and `_`).
- `with_describe` (Boolean) Runs DESC SECRET for each secret returned by SHOW SECRETS. The output of describe is saved to the description field. By default this value is set to true.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `secrets` (List of Object) Holds the aggregated output of all secrets details queries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secrets))

<a id="nestedblock--in"></a>
### Nested Schema for `in`

Optional:

- `account` (Boolean) Returns records for the entire account.
- `application` (String) Returns records for the specified application.
- `application_package` (String) Returns records for the specified application package.
- `database` (String) Returns records for the current database in use or for a specified database.
- `schema` (String) Returns records for the current schema in use or a specified schema. Use fully qualified name.


<a id="nestedatt--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Read-Only:

- `describe_output` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--secrets--describe_output))
- `show_output` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--secrets--show_output))

<a id="nestedobjatt--secrets--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets.describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `integration_name` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `oauth_access_token_expiry_time` (String)
- `oauth_refresh_token_expiry_time` (String)
- `oauth_scopes` (Set of String)
- `owner` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)
- `secret_type` (String)
- `username` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--secrets--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets.show_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `oauth_scopes` (Set of String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)
- `secret_type` (String)
