---
page_title: "snowflake_views Data Source - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Datasource used to get details of filtered views. Filtering is aligned with the current possibilities for SHOW VIEWS https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/show-views query (only like is supported). The results of SHOW and DESCRIBE are encapsulated in one output collection views.
---

# snowflake_views (Data Source)

Datasource used to get details of filtered views. Filtering is aligned with the current possibilities for [SHOW VIEWS](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/show-views) query (only `like` is supported). The results of SHOW and DESCRIBE are encapsulated in one output collection `views`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "snowflake_views" "current" {
  database = "MYDB"
  schema   = "MYSCHEMA"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `in` (Block List, Max: 1) IN clause to filter the list of views (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--in))
- `like` (String) Filters the output with **case-insensitive** pattern, with support for SQL wildcard characters (`%` and `_`).
- `limit` (Block List, Max: 1) Limits the number of rows returned. If the `limit.from` is set, then the limit wll start from the first element matched by the expression. The expression is only used to match with the first element, later on the elements are not matched by the prefix, but you can enforce a certain pattern with `starts_with` or `like`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--limit))
- `starts_with` (String) Filters the output with **case-sensitive** characters indicating the beginning of the object name.
- `with_describe` (Boolean) Runs DESC VIEW for each view returned by SHOW VIEWS. The output of describe is saved to the description field. By default this value is set to true.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `views` (List of Object) Holds the aggregated output of all views details queries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--views))

<a id="nestedblock--in"></a>
### Nested Schema for `in`

Optional:

- `account` (Boolean) Returns records for the entire account.
- `database` (String) Returns records for the current database in use or for a specified database.
- `schema` (String) Returns records for the current schema in use or a specified schema. Use fully qualified name.


<a id="nestedblock--limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `limit`

Required:

- `rows` (Number) The maximum number of rows to return.

Optional:

- `from` (String) Specifies a **case-sensitive** pattern that is used to match object name. After the first match, the limit on the number of rows will be applied.


<a id="nestedatt--views"></a>
### Nested Schema for `views`

Read-Only:

- `describe_output` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--views--describe_output))
- `show_output` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--views--show_output))

<a id="nestedobjatt--views--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `views.describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `check` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `expression` (String)
- `is_nullable` (Boolean)
- `is_primary` (Boolean)
- `is_unique` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `policy_name` (String)
- `privacy_domain` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--views--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `views.show_output`

Read-Only:

- `change_tracking` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `is_materialized` (Boolean)
- `is_secure` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `reserved` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)
- `text` (String)
