---
page_title: "Provider: Snowflake"
description: Manage SnowflakeDB with Terraform.
---

# Snowflake Provider

~> **Disclaimer** the project is still in the 0.x.x version, which means it’s still in the experimental phase (check [Go module versioning](https://go.dev/doc/modules/version-numbers#v0-number) for more details). It can be used in production but makes no stability or backward compatibility guarantees. We do not provide backward bug fixes and, therefore, always suggest using the newest version. We are providing only limited support for the provider; priorities will be assigned on a case-by-case basis. Our main current goals are stabilization, addressing existing issues, and providing the missing features (prioritizing the GA features; supporting PrPr and PuPr features are not high priorities now). With all that in mind, we aim to reach V1 with a stable, reliable, and functional provider. V1 will be free of all the above limitations.

~> **Note** Please check the [migration guide](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/MIGRATION_GUIDE.md) when changing the version of the provider.

-> **Note** the current roadmap is available in our GitHub repository: [ROADMAP.md](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/ROADMAP.md).

This is a terraform provider plugin for managing [Snowflake](https://www.snowflake.com/) accounts.
Coverage is focused on part of Snowflake related to access control.


## Example Provider Configuration

This is an example configuration of the provider in `main.tf` in a configuration directory. More examples are provided [below](#order-precedence).

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    snowflake = {
      source = "Snowflake-Labs/snowflake"
    }
  }
}

# A simple configuration of the provider with a default authentication.
# A default value for `authenticator` is `snowflake`, enabling authentication with `user` and `password`.
provider "snowflake" {
  organization_name = "..." # required if not using profile. Can also be set via SNOWFLAKE_ORGANIZATION_NAME env var
  account_name      = "..." # required if not using profile. Can also be set via SNOWFLAKE_ACCOUNT_NAME env var
  user              = "..." # required if not using profile or token. Can also be set via SNOWFLAKE_USER env var
  password          = "..."

  // optional
  role      = "..."
  host      = "..."
  warehouse = "..."
  params = {
    query_tag = "..."
  }
}

# A simple configuration of the provider with private key authentication.
provider "snowflake" {
  organization_name      = "..." # required if not using profile. Can also be set via SNOWFLAKE_ORGANIZATION_NAME env var
  account_name           = "..." # required if not using profile. Can also be set via SNOWFLAKE_ACCOUNT_NAME env var
  user                   = "..." # required if not using profile or token. Can also be set via SNOWFLAKE_USER env var
  authenticator          = "SNOWFLAKE_JWT"
  private_key            = "-----BEGIN ENCRYPTED PRIVATE KEY-----..."
  private_key_passphrase = "passphrase"
}

# By using the `profile` field, missing fields will be populated from ~/.snowflake/config TOML file
provider "snowflake" {
  profile = "securityadmin"
}
```

## Configuration Schema

**Warning: these values are passed directly to the gosnowflake library, which may not work exactly the way you expect. See the [gosnowflake docs](https://godoc.org/github.com/snowflakedb/gosnowflake#hdr-Connection_Parameters) for more.**

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account` (String, Deprecated) Use `account_name` and `organization_name` instead. Specifies your Snowflake account identifier assigned, by Snowflake. The [account locator](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier#format-2-account-locator-in-a-region) format is not supported. For information about account identifiers, see the [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier.html). Required unless using `profile`. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_ACCOUNT` environment variable.
- `account_name` (String) Specifies your Snowflake account name assigned by Snowflake. For information about account identifiers, see the [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier#account-name). Required unless using `profile`. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_ACCOUNT_NAME` environment variable.
- `authenticator` (String) Specifies the [authentication type](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/snowflakedb/gosnowflake#AuthType) to use when connecting to Snowflake. Valid options are: `SNOWFLAKE` | `OAUTH` | `EXTERNALBROWSER` | `OKTA` | `JWT` | `SNOWFLAKE_JWT` | `TOKENACCESSOR` | `USERNAMEPASSWORDMFA`. Value `JWT` is deprecated and will be removed in future releases. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_AUTHENTICATOR` environment variable.
- `browser_auth` (Boolean, Deprecated) Required when `oauth_refresh_token` is used. Can also be sourced from `SNOWFLAKE_USE_BROWSER_AUTH` environment variable.
- `client_ip` (String) IP address for network checks. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_CLIENT_IP` environment variable.
- `client_request_mfa_token` (String) When true the MFA token is cached in the credential manager. True by default in Windows/OSX. False for Linux. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_CLIENT_REQUEST_MFA_TOKEN` environment variable.
- `client_store_temporary_credential` (String) When true the ID token is cached in the credential manager. True by default in Windows/OSX. False for Linux. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_CLIENT_STORE_TEMPORARY_CREDENTIAL` environment variable.
- `client_timeout` (Number) The timeout in seconds for the client to complete the authentication. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_CLIENT_TIMEOUT` environment variable.
- `disable_console_login` (String) Indicates whether console login should be disabled in the driver. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_DISABLE_CONSOLE_LOGIN` environment variable.
- `disable_query_context_cache` (Boolean) Disables HTAP query context cache in the driver. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_DISABLE_QUERY_CONTEXT_CACHE` environment variable.
- `disable_telemetry` (Boolean) Disables telemetry in the driver. Can also be sourced from the `DISABLE_TELEMETRY` environment variable.
- `driver_tracing` (String) Specifies the logging level to be used by the driver. Valid options are: `trace` | `debug` | `info` | `print` | `warning` | `error` | `fatal` | `panic`. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_DRIVER_TRACING` environment variable.
- `external_browser_timeout` (Number) The timeout in seconds for the external browser to complete the authentication. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_EXTERNAL_BROWSER_TIMEOUT` environment variable.
- `host` (String) Specifies a custom host value used by the driver for privatelink connections. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_HOST` environment variable.
- `include_retry_reason` (String) Should retried request contain retry reason. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_INCLUDE_RETRY_REASON` environment variable.
- `insecure_mode` (Boolean) If true, bypass the Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) certificate revocation check. IMPORTANT: Change the default value for testing or emergency situations only. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_INSECURE_MODE` environment variable.
- `jwt_client_timeout` (Number) The timeout in seconds for the JWT client to complete the authentication. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_JWT_CLIENT_TIMEOUT` environment variable.
- `jwt_expire_timeout` (Number) JWT expire after timeout in seconds. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_JWT_EXPIRE_TIMEOUT` environment variable.
- `keep_session_alive` (Boolean) Enables the session to persist even after the connection is closed. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_KEEP_SESSION_ALIVE` environment variable.
- `login_timeout` (Number) Login retry timeout in seconds EXCLUDING network roundtrip and read out http response. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_LOGIN_TIMEOUT` environment variable.
- `max_retry_count` (Number) Specifies how many times non-periodic HTTP request can be retried by the driver. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_MAX_RETRY_COUNT` environment variable.
- `oauth_access_token` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) Token for use with OAuth. Generating the token is left to other tools. Cannot be used with `browser_auth`, `private_key_path`, `oauth_refresh_token` or `password`. Can also be sourced from `SNOWFLAKE_OAUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variable.
- `oauth_client_id` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) Required when `oauth_refresh_token` is used. Can also be sourced from `SNOWFLAKE_OAUTH_CLIENT_ID` environment variable.
- `oauth_client_secret` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) Required when `oauth_refresh_token` is used. Can also be sourced from `SNOWFLAKE_OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.
- `oauth_endpoint` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) Required when `oauth_refresh_token` is used. Can also be sourced from `SNOWFLAKE_OAUTH_ENDPOINT` environment variable.
- `oauth_redirect_url` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) Required when `oauth_refresh_token` is used. Can also be sourced from `SNOWFLAKE_OAUTH_REDIRECT_URL` environment variable.
- `oauth_refresh_token` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) Token for use with OAuth. Setup and generation of the token is left to other tools. Should be used in conjunction with `oauth_client_id`, `oauth_client_secret`, `oauth_endpoint`, `oauth_redirect_url`. Cannot be used with `browser_auth`, `private_key_path`, `oauth_access_token` or `password`. Can also be sourced from `SNOWFLAKE_OAUTH_REFRESH_TOKEN` environment variable.
- `ocsp_fail_open` (String) True represents OCSP fail open mode. False represents OCSP fail closed mode. Fail open true by default. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_OCSP_FAIL_OPEN` environment variable.
- `okta_url` (String) The URL of the Okta server. e.g. https://example.okta.com. Okta URL host needs to to have a suffix `okta.com`. Read more in Snowflake [docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/oauth-okta). Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_OKTA_URL` environment variable.
- `organization_name` (String) Specifies your Snowflake organization name assigned by Snowflake. For information about account identifiers, see the [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier#organization-name). Required unless using `profile`. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_ORGANIZATION_NAME` environment variable.
- `params` (Map of String) Sets other connection (i.e. session) parameters. [Parameters](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/parameters). This field can not be set with environmental variables.
- `passcode` (String) Specifies the passcode provided by Duo when using multi-factor authentication (MFA) for login. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_PASSCODE` environment variable.
- `passcode_in_password` (Boolean) False by default. Set to true if the MFA passcode is embedded to the configured password. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_PASSCODE_IN_PASSWORD` environment variable.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for user + password auth. Cannot be used with `browser_auth` or `private_key_path`. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_PASSWORD` environment variable.
- `port` (Number) Specifies a custom port value used by the driver for privatelink connections. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_PORT` environment variable.
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) Private Key for username+private-key auth. Cannot be used with `browser_auth` or `password`. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable.
- `private_key_passphrase` (String, Sensitive) Supports the encryption ciphers aes-128-cbc, aes-128-gcm, aes-192-cbc, aes-192-gcm, aes-256-cbc, aes-256-gcm, and des-ede3-cbc. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_PRIVATE_KEY_PASSPHRASE` environment variable.
- `private_key_path` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) Path to a private key for using keypair authentication. Cannot be used with `browser_auth`, `oauth_access_token` or `password`. Can also be sourced from `SNOWFLAKE_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH` environment variable.
- `profile` (String) Sets the profile to read from ~/.snowflake/config file. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_PROFILE` environment variable.
- `protocol` (String) A protocol used in the connection. Valid options are: `http` | `https`. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_PROTOCOL` environment variable.
- `region` (String, Deprecated) Snowflake region, such as "eu-central-1", with this parameter. However, since this parameter is deprecated, it is best to specify the region as part of the account parameter. For details, see the description of the account parameter. [Snowflake region](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-regions.html) to use.  Required if using the [legacy format for the `account` identifier](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier.html#format-2-legacy-account-locator-in-a-region) in the form of `<cloud_region_id>.<cloud>`. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_REGION` environment variable.
- `request_timeout` (Number) request retry timeout in seconds EXCLUDING network roundtrip and read out http response. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_REQUEST_TIMEOUT` environment variable.
- `role` (String) Specifies the role to use by default for accessing Snowflake objects in the client session. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_ROLE` environment variable.
- `session_params` (Map of String, Deprecated) Sets session parameters. [Parameters](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/parameters)
- `tmp_directory_path` (String) Sets temporary directory used by the driver for operations like encrypting, compressing etc. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_TMP_DIRECTORY_PATH` environment variable.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token to use for OAuth and other forms of token based auth. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_TOKEN` environment variable.
- `token_accessor` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--token_accessor))
- `user` (String) Username. Required unless using `profile`. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_USER` environment variable.
- `username` (String, Deprecated) Username for user + password authentication. Required unless using `profile`. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_USERNAME` environment variable.
- `validate_default_parameters` (String) True by default. If false, disables the validation checks for Database, Schema, Warehouse and Role at the time a connection is established. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_VALIDATE_DEFAULT_PARAMETERS` environment variable.
- `warehouse` (String) Specifies the virtual warehouse to use by default for queries, loading, etc. in the client session. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_WAREHOUSE` environment variable.

<a id="nestedblock--token_accessor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `token_accessor`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) The client ID for the OAuth provider when using a refresh token to renew access token. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_TOKEN_ACCESSOR_CLIENT_ID` environment variable.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the OAuth provider when using a refresh token to renew access token. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_TOKEN_ACCESSOR_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.
- `redirect_uri` (String, Sensitive) The redirect URI for the OAuth provider when using a refresh token to renew access token. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_TOKEN_ACCESSOR_REDIRECT_URI` environment variable.
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) The refresh token for the OAuth provider when using a refresh token to renew access token. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_TOKEN_ACCESSOR_REFRESH_TOKEN` environment variable.
- `token_endpoint` (String, Sensitive) The token endpoint for the OAuth provider e.g. https://{yourDomain}/oauth/token when using a refresh token to renew access token. Can also be sourced from the `SNOWFLAKE_TOKEN_ACCESSOR_TOKEN_ENDPOINT` environment variable.

## Authentication

The Snowflake provider support multiple ways to authenticate:

* Password
* OAuth Access Token
* OAuth Refresh Token
* Browser Auth
* Private Key
* Config File

In all cases `organization_name`, `account_name` and `user` are required.

### Keypair Authentication Environment Variables

You should generate the public and private keys and set up environment variables.

```shell

cd ~/.ssh
openssl genrsa -out snowflake_key 4096
openssl rsa -in snowflake_key -pubout -out snowflake_key.pub
```

To export the variables into your provider:

```shell
export SNOWFLAKE_USER="..."
export SNOWFLAKE_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH="~/.ssh/snowflake_key"
```

### Keypair Authentication Passphrase

If your private key requires a passphrase, then this can be supplied via the
environment variable `SNOWFLAKE_PRIVATE_KEY_PASSPHRASE`.

Only the ciphers aes-128-cbc, aes-128-gcm, aes-192-cbc, aes-192-gcm,
aes-256-cbc, aes-256-gcm, and des-ede3-cbc are supported on the private key

```shell
cd ~/.ssh
openssl genrsa -out snowflake_key 4096
openssl rsa -in snowflake_key -pubout -out snowflake_key.pub
openssl pkcs8 -topk8 -inform pem -in snowflake_key -outform PEM -v2 aes-256-cbc -out snowflake_key.p8
```

To export the variables into your provider:

```shell
export SNOWFLAKE_USER="..."
export SNOWFLAKE_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH="~/.ssh/snowflake_key.p8"
export SNOWFLAKE_PRIVATE_KEY_PASSPHRASE="..."
```

### OAuth Access Token

If you have an OAuth access token, export these credentials as environment variables:

```shell
export SNOWFLAKE_USER='...'
export SNOWFLAKE_OAUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN='...'
```

Note that once this access token expires, you'll need to request a new one through an external application.

### OAuth Refresh Token

If you have an OAuth Refresh token, export these credentials as environment variables:

```shell
export SNOWFLAKE_OAUTH_REFRESH_TOKEN='...'
export SNOWFLAKE_OAUTH_CLIENT_ID='...'
export SNOWFLAKE_OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
export SNOWFLAKE_OAUTH_ENDPOINT='...'
export SNOWFLAKE_OAUTH_REDIRECT_URL='https://localhost.com'
```

Note because access token have a short life; typically 10 minutes, by passing refresh token new access token will be generated.

### Username and Password Environment Variables

If you choose to use Username and Password Authentication, export these credentials:

```shell
export SNOWFLAKE_USER='...'
export SNOWFLAKE_PASSWORD='...'
```

## Order Precedence

Currently, the provider can be configured in three ways:
1. In a Terraform file located in the Terraform module with other resources.

Example content of the Terraform file configuration:

```terraform
provider "snowflake" {
    organization_name = "..."
    account_name = "..."
    username = "..."
    password = "..."
}
```

2. In environmental variables (envs). This is mainly used to provide sensitive values.


```bash
export SNOWFLAKE_USER="..."
export SNOWFLAKE_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH="~/.ssh/snowflake_key"
```

3. In a TOML file (default in ~/.snowflake/config). Notice the use of different profiles. The profile name needs to be specified in the Terraform configuration file in `profile` field. When this is not specified, `default` profile is loaded.
When a `default` profile is not present in the TOML file, it is treated as "empty", without failing.

Example content of the Terraform file configuration:

```terraform
provider "snowflake" {
    profile = "default"
}
```

Example content of the TOML file configuration:

```toml
[default]
organizationname='organization_name'
accountname='account_name'
user='user'
password='password'
role='ACCOUNTADMIN'

[secondary_test_account]
organizationname='organization_name'
accountname='account2_name'
user='user'
password='password'
role='ACCOUNTADMIN'
```

Not all fields must be configured in one source; users can choose which fields are configured in which source.
Provider uses an established hierarchy of sources. The current behavior is that for each field:
1. Check if it is present in the provider configuration. If yes, use this value. If not, go to step 2.
1. Check if it is present in the environment variables. If yes, use this value. If not, go to step 3.
1. Check if it is present in the TOML config file (specifically, use the profile name configured in one of the steps above). If yes, use this value. If not, the value is considered empty.

An example TOML file contents:

```toml
[example]
accountname = 'account_name'
organizationname = 'organization_name'
user = 'user'
password = 'password'
warehouse = 'SNOWFLAKE'
role = 'ACCOUNTADMIN'
clientip = '1.2.3.4'
protocol = 'https'
port = 443
oktaurl = 'https://example.com'
clienttimeout = 10
jwtclienttimeout = 20
logintimeout = 30
requesttimeout = 40
jwtexpiretimeout = 50
externalbrowsertimeout = 60
maxretrycount = 1
authenticator = 'snowflake'
insecuremode = true
ocspfailopen = true
keepsessionalive = true
disabletelemetry = true
validatedefaultparameters = true
clientrequestmfatoken = true
clientstoretemporarycredential = true
tracing = 'info'
tmpdirpath = '/tmp/terraform-provider/'
disablequerycontextcache = true
includeretryreason = true
disableconsolelogin = true

[example.params]
param_key = 'param_value'
```

An example terraform configuration file equivalent:

```terraform
provider "snowflake" {
	organization_name = "organization_name"
	account_name = "account_name"
	user = "user"
	password = "password"
	warehouse = "SNOWFLAKE"
	protocol = "https"
	port = "443"
	role = "ACCOUNTADMIN"
	validate_default_parameters = true
	client_ip = "1.2.3.4"
	authenticator = "snowflake"
	okta_url = "https://example.com"
	login_timeout = 10
	request_timeout = 20
	jwt_expire_timeout = 30
	client_timeout = 40
	jwt_client_timeout = 50
	external_browser_timeout = 60
	insecure_mode = true
	ocsp_fail_open = true
	keep_session_alive = true
	disable_telemetry = true
	client_request_mfa_token = true
	client_store_temporary_credential = true
	disable_query_context_cache = true
	include_retry_reason = true
	max_retry_count = 3
	driver_tracing = "info"
	tmp_directory_path = "/tmp/terraform-provider/"
	disable_console_login = true
	params = {
		param_key = "param_value"
	}
}
```

## Currently deprecated resources

- [snowflake_database_old](./docs/resources/database_old)
- [snowflake_oauth_integration](./docs/resources/oauth_integration)
- [snowflake_role](./docs/resources/role) - use [snowflake_account_role](./docs/resources/account_role) instead
- [snowflake_saml_integration](./docs/resources/saml_integration) - use [snowflake_saml2_integration](./docs/resources/saml2_integration) instead
- [snowflake_stream](./docs/resources/stream)

## Currently deprecated datasources

- [snowflake_role](./docs/data-sources/role) - use [snowflake_roles](./docs/data-sources/roles) instead
