---
page_title: "snowflake_alert Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# snowflake_alert (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_alert" "alert" {
  database  = "database"
  schema    = "schema"
  name      = "alert"
  warehouse = "warehouse"
  alert_schedule {
    interval = 10
  }
  condition = "select 1 as c"
  action    = "select 1 as c"
  enabled   = true
  comment   = "my alert"
}
```

-> **Note** If you don't manage referenced objects in Terraform, you can construct the proper id yourself, consult [identifiers guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Snowflake-Labs/snowflake/latest/docs/guides/identifiers#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources)
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (String) The SQL statement that should be executed if the condition returns one or more rows.
- `condition` (String) The SQL statement that represents the condition for the alert. (SELECT, SHOW, CALL)
- `database` (String) The database in which to create the alert.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the alert; must be unique for the database and schema in which the alert is created.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the alert.
- `warehouse` (String) The warehouse the alert will use.

### Optional

- `alert_schedule` (Block List, Max: 1) The schedule for periodically running an alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_schedule))
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the alert.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies if an alert should be 'started' (enabled) after creation or should remain 'suspended' (default).

### Read-Only

- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--alert_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_schedule`

Optional:

- `cron` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies the cron expression for the alert. The cron expression must be in the following format: "minute hour day-of-month month day-of-week". The following values are supported: minute: 0-59 hour: 0-23 day-of-month: 1-31 month: 1-12 day-of-week: 0-6 (0 is Sunday) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_schedule--cron))
- `interval` (Number) Specifies the interval in minutes for the alert schedule. The interval must be greater than 0 and less than 1440 (24 hours).

<a id="nestedblock--alert_schedule--cron"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_schedule.cron`

Required:

- `expression` (String) Specifies the cron expression for the alert. The cron expression must be in the following format: "minute hour day-of-month month day-of-week". The following values are supported: minute: 0-59 hour: 0-23 day-of-month: 1-31 month: 1-12 day-of-week: 0-6 (0 is Sunday)
- `time_zone` (String) Specifies the time zone for alert refresh.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# format is database name | schema name | alert name
terraform import snowflake_alert.example 'dbName|schemaName|alertName'
```
