---
page_title: "snowflake_api_authentication_integration_with_jwt_bearer Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# snowflake_api_authentication_integration_with_jwt_bearer (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# basic resource
resource "snowflake_api_authentication_integration_with_jwt_bearer" "test" {
  enabled             = true
  name                = "foo"
  oauth_client_id     = "foo"
  oauth_client_secret = "foo"
}
# resource with all fields set
resource "snowflake_api_authentication_integration_with_jwt_bearer" "test" {
  comment                      = "foo"
  enabled                      = true
  name                         = "foo"
  oauth_access_token_validity  = 42
  oauth_authorization_endpoint = "https://example.com"
  oauth_client_auth_method     = "CLIENT_SECRET_POST"
  oauth_client_id              = "foo"
  oauth_client_secret          = "foo"
  oauth_refresh_token_validity = 42
  oauth_token_endpoint         = "https://example.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether this security integration is enabled or disabled.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier (i.e. name) for the integration. This value must be unique in your account.
- `oauth_assertion_issuer` (String)
- `oauth_client_id` (String) Specifies the client ID for the OAuth application in the external service.
- `oauth_client_secret` (String) Specifies the client secret for the OAuth application in the ServiceNow instance from the previous step. The connector uses this to request an access token from the ServiceNow instance.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the integration.
- `oauth_access_token_validity` (Number) Specifies the default lifetime of the OAuth access token (in seconds) issued by an OAuth server.
- `oauth_authorization_endpoint` (String) Specifies the URL for authenticating to the external service.
- `oauth_client_auth_method` (String) Specifies the client ID for the OAuth application in the external service.
- `oauth_refresh_token_validity` (Number) Specifies the default lifetime of the OAuth access token (in seconds) issued by an OAuth server.
- `oauth_token_endpoint` (String) Specifies the token endpoint used by the client to obtain an access token by presenting its authorization grant or refresh token. The token endpoint is used with every authorization grant except for the implicit grant type (since an access token is issued directly).

### Read-Only

- `created_on` (String) Date and time when the integration was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_api_authentication_integration_with_jwt_bearer.example "name"
```
