---
page_title: "snowflake_authentication_policy Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage authentication policy objects. For more information, check authentication policy documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-authentication-policy.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled field` in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Snowflake-Labs/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

!> **Note** According to Snowflake [docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/drop-authentication-policy#usage-notes), an authentication policy cannot be dropped successfully if it is currently assigned to another object. Currently, the provider does not unassign such objects automatically. Before dropping the resource, first unassign the policy from the relevant objects. See [guide](../guides/unassigning_policies) for more details.

# snowflake_authentication_policy (Resource)

Resource used to manage authentication policy objects. For more information, check [authentication policy documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-authentication-policy).

## Example Usage

```terraform
## Minimal
resource "snowflake_authentication_policy" "basic" {
  database = "database_name"
  schema   = "schema_name"
  name     = "network_policy_name"
}

## Complete (with every optional set)
resource "snowflake_authentication_policy" "complete" {
  database                   = "database_name"
  schema                     = "schema_name"
  name                       = "network_policy_name"
  authentication_methods     = ["ALL"]
  mfa_authentication_methods = ["SAML", "PASSWORD"]
  mfa_enrollment             = "OPTIONAL"
  client_types               = ["ALL"]
  security_integrations      = ["ALL"]
  comment                    = "My authentication policy."
}
```

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the authentication policy. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the authentication policy. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the authentication policy. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

### Optional

- `authentication_methods` (Set of String) A list of authentication methods that are allowed during login. This parameter accepts one or more of the following values: `ALL` | `SAML` | `PASSWORD` | `OAUTH` | `KEYPAIR`
- `client_types` (Set of String) A list of clients that can authenticate with Snowflake. If a client tries to connect, and the client is not one of the valid CLIENT_TYPES, then the login attempt fails. Allowed values are `ALL` | `SNOWFLAKE_UI` | `DRIVERS` | `SNOWSQL`. The CLIENT_TYPES property of an authentication policy is a best effort method to block user logins based on specific clients. It should not be used as the sole control to establish a security boundary.
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the authentication policy.
- `mfa_authentication_methods` (Set of String) A list of authentication methods that enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA) during login. Authentication methods not listed in this parameter do not prompt for multi-factor authentication. Allowed values are `ALL` | `SAML` | `PASSWORD`.
- `mfa_enrollment` (String) Determines whether a user must enroll in multi-factor authentication. Allowed values are REQUIRED and OPTIONAL. When REQUIRED is specified, Enforces users to enroll in MFA. If this value is used, then the CLIENT_TYPES parameter must include SNOWFLAKE_UI, because Snowsight is the only place users can enroll in multi-factor authentication (MFA).
- `security_integrations` (Set of String) A list of security integrations the authentication policy is associated with. This parameter has no effect when SAML or OAUTH are not in the AUTHENTICATION_METHODS list. All values in the SECURITY_INTEGRATIONS list must be compatible with the values in the AUTHENTICATION_METHODS list. For example, if SECURITY_INTEGRATIONS contains a SAML security integration, and AUTHENTICATION_METHODS contains OAUTH, then you cannot create the authentication policy. To allow all security integrations use ALL as parameter.

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE AUTHENTICATION POLICY` for the given policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW AUTHENTICATION POLICIES` for the given policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `authentication_methods` (String)
- `client_types` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `mfa_authentication_methods` (String)
- `mfa_enrollment` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `security_integrations` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `options` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_authentication_policy.example '"<database_name>"."<schema_name>"."<authentication_policy_name>"'
```
