---
page_title: "snowflake_cortex_search_service Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

!> **Disclaimer for Cortex Search service** Note that Cortex Search is a Private Preview feature as such, should be used only with non-production data even when using Snowflake's Terraform Provider. Also, note that the Terraform Provider is not covered by Snowflake's support team; the Product and Engineering teams are available for any questions. However, please contact the Cortex Search team for any issues with this object.

# snowflake_cortex_search_service (Resource)



## Example Usage

{{tffile "/Users/asawicki/Projects/terraform-provider-snowflake/examples/resources/snowflake_cortex_search_service/resource.tf"}}

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the Cortex search service.
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the Cortex search service. The name must be unique for the schema in which the service is created.
- `on` (String) Specifies the column to use as the search column for the Cortex search service; must be a text value.
- `query` (String) Specifies the query to use to populate the Cortex search service.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the Cortex search service.
- `target_lag` (String) Specifies the maximum target lag time for the Cortex search service.
- `warehouse` (String) The warehouse in which to create the Cortex search service.

### Optional

- `attributes` (Set of String) Specifies the list of columns in the base table to enable filtering on when issuing queries to the service.
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the Cortex search service.

### Read-Only

- `created_on` (String) Creation date for the given Cortex search service.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_cortex_search_service.example 'dbName|schemaName|fileFormatName'
```
