---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "snowflake_database Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# snowflake_database (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_database" "test" {
  name                        = "testing"
  comment                     = "test comment"
  data_retention_time_in_days = 3
}

resource "snowflake_database" "test2" {
  name    = "testing_2"
  comment = "test comment 2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String)

### Optional

- **comment** (String)
- **data_retention_time_in_days** (Number)
- **from_database** (String) Specify a database to create a clone from.
- **from_replica** (String) Specify a fully-qualified path to a database to create a replica from.
- **from_replica_config** (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies the fully qualified path to a database for replication purposes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--from_replica_config))
- **from_share** (Map of String) Specify a provider and a share in this map to create a database from a share.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **replication_configuration** (Block List, Max: 1) When set, specifies the configurations for database replication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--replication_configuration)). This will fail if the system parameter has not yet been set to true using the ORGADMIN role. Read [here](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/database-replication-config.html#enabling-replication-for-accounts-in-your-organization) for more details
- **tag** (Block List) Definitions of a tag to associate with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))

<a id="nestedblock--from_replica_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `from_replica_config`

Required:

- **account_name** (String)
- **organization_name** (String)
- **primary_db_name** (String)


<a id="nestedblock--replication_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_configuration`

Required:

- **accounts** (List of String)

Optional:

- **ignore_edition_check** (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- **name** (String) Tag name, e.g. department.
- **value** (String) Tag value, e.g. marketing_info.

Optional:

- **database** (String) Name of the database that the tag was created in.
- **schema** (String) Name of the schema that the tag was created in.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_database.example name
```
