---
page_title: "snowflake_external_table Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled field` in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Snowflake-Labs/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_external_table (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_external_table" "external_table" {
  database    = "db"
  schema      = "schema"
  name        = "external_table"
  comment     = "External table"
  file_format = "TYPE = CSV FIELD_DELIMITER = '|'"

  column {
    name = "id"
    type = "int"
  }

  column {
    name = "data"
    type = "text"
  }
}

# with a location pointing to an existing stage
# name is hardcoded, please see resource documentation for other options
resource "snowflake_external_table" "external_table_with_location" {
  database = "db"
  schema   = "schema"
  name     = "external_table_with_location"
  location = "@MYDB.MYSCHEMA.MYSTAGE"

  column {
    name = "id"
    type = "int"
  }
}
```

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `column` (Block List, Min: 1) Definitions of a column to create in the external table. Minimum one required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--column))
- `database` (String) The database in which to create the external table.
- `file_format` (String) Specifies the file format for the external table.
- `location` (String) Specifies a location for the external table, using its FQDN. You can hardcode it (`"@MYDB.MYSCHEMA.MYSTAGE"`), or populate dynamically (`"@${snowflake_stage.mystage.fully_qualified_name}"`)
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the external table; must be unique for the database and schema in which the externalTable is created.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the external table.

### Optional

- `auto_refresh` (Boolean) Specifies whether to automatically refresh the external table metadata once, immediately after the external table is created.
- `aws_sns_topic` (String) Specifies the aws sns topic for the external table.
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the external table.
- `copy_grants` (Boolean) Specifies to retain the access permissions from the original table when an external table is recreated using the CREATE OR REPLACE TABLE variant
- `partition_by` (List of String) Specifies any partition columns to evaluate for the external table.
- `pattern` (String) Specifies the file names and/or paths on the external stage to match.
- `refresh_on_create` (Boolean) Specifies weather to refresh when an external table is created.
- `table_format` (String) Identifies the external table table type. For now, only "delta" for Delta Lake table format is supported.
- `tag` (Block List, Deprecated) Definitions of a tag to associate with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))

### Read-Only

- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `owner` (String) Name of the role that owns the external table.

<a id="nestedblock--column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `column`

Required:

- `as` (String) String that specifies the expression for the column. When queried, the column returns results derived from this expression.
- `name` (String) Column name
- `type` (String) Column type, e.g. VARIANT


<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- `name` (String) Tag name, e.g. department.
- `value` (String) Tag value, e.g. marketing_info.

Optional:

- `database` (String) Name of the database that the tag was created in.
- `schema` (String) Name of the schema that the tag was created in.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# format is database name | schema name | external table name
terraform import snowflake_external_table.example 'dbName|schemaName|externalTableName'
```
