---
page_title: "snowflake_external_volume Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource used to manage external volume objects. For more information, check external volume documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/commands-data-loading#external-volume.
---

# snowflake_external_volume (Resource)

Resource used to manage external volume objects. For more information, check [external volume documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/commands-data-loading#external-volume).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Identifier for the external volume; must be unique for your account. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/docs/technical-documentation/identifiers_rework_design_decisions.md#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `(`, `)`, `"`
- `storage_location` (Block List, Min: 1) List of named cloud storage locations in different regions and, optionally, cloud platforms. Minimum 1 required. The order of the list is important as it impacts the active storage location, and updates will be triggered if it changes. Note that not all parameter combinations are valid as they depend on the given storage_provider. Consult [the docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-external-volume#cloud-provider-parameters-cloudproviderparams) for more details on this. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage_location))

### Optional

- `allow_writes` (String) Specifies whether write operations are allowed for the external volume; must be set to TRUE for Iceberg tables that use Snowflake as the catalog. Available options are: "true" or "false". When the value is not set in the configuration the provider will put "default" there which means to use the Snowflake default for this value.
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the external volume.

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE EXTERNAL VOLUME` for the given external volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW EXTERNAL VOLUMES` for the given external volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--storage_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_location`

Required:

- `storage_base_url` (String) Specifies the base URL for your cloud storage location.
- `storage_location_name` (String) Name of the storage location. Must be unique for the external volume. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/docs/technical-documentation/identifiers_rework_design_decisions.md#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `(`, `)`, `"`
- `storage_provider` (String) Specifies the cloud storage provider that stores your data files. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `GCS` | `AZURE` | `S3` | `S3GOV`.

Optional:

- `azure_tenant_id` (String) Specifies the ID for your Office 365 tenant that the allowed and blocked storage accounts belong to.
- `encryption_kms_key_id` (String) Specifies the ID for the KMS-managed key used to encrypt files.
- `encryption_type` (String) Specifies the encryption type used.
- `storage_aws_role_arn` (String) Specifies the case-sensitive Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS identity and access management (IAM) role that grants privileges on the S3 bucket containing your data files.

Read-Only:

- `storage_aws_external_id` (String) External ID that Snowflake uses to establish a trust relationship with AWS.


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `parent` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `allow_writes` (Boolean)
- `comment` (String)
- `name` (String)
