---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "snowflake_function_grant Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# snowflake_function_grant (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_function_grant" "grant" {
  database_name       = "database"
  schema_name         = "schema"
  function_name       = "function"
  argument_data_types = ["array", "string"]
  privilege           = "USAGE"
  roles               = ["role1", "role2"]
  shares              = ["share1", "share2"]
  on_future           = false
  with_grant_option   = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_name` (String) The name of the database containing the current or future functions on which to grant privileges.
- `roles` (Set of String) Grants privilege to these roles.

### Optional

- `argument_data_types` (List of String) List of the argument data types for the function (must be present if function has arguments and function_name is present)
- `enable_multiple_grants` (Boolean) When this is set to true, multiple grants of the same type can be created. This will cause Terraform to not revoke grants applied to roles and objects outside Terraform.
- `function_name` (String) The name of the function on which to grant privileges immediately (only valid if on_future is false).
- `on_all` (Boolean) When this is set to true and a schema_name is provided, apply this grant on all functions in the given schema. When this is true and no schema_name is provided apply this grant on all functions in the given database. The function_name, arguments, return_type, and shares fields must be unset in order to use on_all. Cannot be used together with on_future.
- `on_future` (Boolean) When this is set to true and a schema_name is provided, apply this grant on all future functions in the given schema. When this is true and no schema_name is provided apply this grant on all future functions in the given database. The function_name, arguments, return_type, and shares fields must be unset in order to use on_future. Cannot be used together with on_all.
- `privilege` (String) The privilege to grant on the current or future function. Must be one of `USAGE` or `OWNERSHIP`. To grant all privileges, use the value `ALL PRIVILEGES`
- `revert_ownership_to_role_name` (String) The name of the role to revert ownership to on destroy. Has no effect unless `privilege` is set to `OWNERSHIP`
- `schema_name` (String) The name of the schema containing the current or future functions on which to grant privileges.
- `shares` (Set of String) Grants privilege to these shares (only valid if on_future is false).
- `with_grant_option` (Boolean) When this is set to true, allows the recipient role to grant the privileges to other roles.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# format is database_name|schema_name|function_name|argument_data_types|privilege|with_grant_option|on_future|roles|shares
terraform import snowflake_function_grant.example "MY_DATABASE|MY_SCHEMA|MY_FUNCTION|ARG1TYPE,ARG2TYPE|USAGE|false|false|role1,role2|share1,share2"
```
