---
page_title: "snowflake_function_python Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource used to manage python function objects. For more information, check function documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-function.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled field` in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Snowflake-Labs/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_function_python (Resource)

Resource used to manage python function objects. For more information, check [function documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-function).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the function. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/docs/technical-documentation/identifiers_rework_design_decisions.md#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `handler` (String) The name of the handler function or class. If the handler is for a scalar UDF, returning a non-tabular value, the HANDLER value should be a function name. If the handler code is in-line with the CREATE FUNCTION statement, you can use the function name alone. When the handler code is referenced at a stage, this value should be qualified with the module name, as in the following form: `my_module.my_function`. If the handler is for a tabular UDF, the HANDLER value should be the name of a handler class.
- `name` (String) The name of the function; the identifier does not need to be unique for the schema in which the function is created because UDFs are identified and resolved by the combination of the name and argument types. Check the [docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-function#all-languages). Due to technical limitations (read more [here](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/docs/technical-documentation/identifiers_rework_design_decisions.md#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `return_type` (String) Specifies the results returned by the UDF, which determines the UDF type. Use `<result_data_type>` to create a scalar UDF that returns a single value with the specified data type. Use `TABLE (col_name col_data_type, ...)` to creates a table UDF that returns tabular results with the specified table column(s) and column type(s). For the details, consult the [docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-function#all-languages).
- `runtime_version` (String) Specifies the Python version to use. The supported versions of Python are: 3.9, 3.10, and 3.11.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the function. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/docs/technical-documentation/identifiers_rework_design_decisions.md#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

### Optional

- `arguments` (Block List) List of the arguments for the function. Consult the [docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-function#all-languages) for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--arguments))
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the function.
- `enable_console_output` (Boolean) Enable stdout/stderr fast path logging for anonyous stored procs. This is a public parameter (similar to LOG_LEVEL). For more information, check [ENABLE_CONSOLE_OUTPUT docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/parameters#enable-console-output).
- `external_access_integrations` (Set of String) The names of [external access integrations](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-external-access-integration) needed in order for this function’s handler code to access external networks. An external access integration specifies [network rules](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-network-rule) and [secrets](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-secret) that specify external locations and credentials (if any) allowed for use by handler code when making requests of an external network, such as an external REST API.
- `function_definition` (String) Defines the handler code executed when the UDF is called. Wrapping `$$` signs are added by the provider automatically; do not include them. The `function_definition` value must be Python source code. For more information, see [Introduction to Python UDFs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/python/udf-python-introduction). To mitigate permadiff on this field, the provider replaces blank characters with a space. This can lead to false positives in cases where a change in case or run of whitespace is semantically significant.
- `imports` (Block Set) The location (stage), path, and name of the file(s) to import. A file can be a `.py` file or another type of file. Python UDFs can also read non-Python files, such as text files. For an example, see [Reading a file](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/python/udf-python-examples.html#label-udf-python-read-files). Consult the [docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-function#python). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--imports))
- `is_aggregate` (String) Specifies that the function is an aggregate function. For more information about user-defined aggregate functions, see [Python user-defined aggregate functions](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/python/udf-python-aggregate-functions). Available options are: "true" or "false". When the value is not set in the configuration the provider will put "default" there which means to use the Snowflake default for this value.
- `is_secure` (String) Specifies that the function is secure. By design, the Snowflake's `SHOW FUNCTIONS` command does not provide information about secure functions (consult [function docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-function#id1) and [Protecting Sensitive Information with Secure UDFs and Stored Procedures](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/secure-udf-procedure)) which is essential to manage/import function with Terraform. Use the role owning the function while managing secure functions. Available options are: "true" or "false". When the value is not set in the configuration the provider will put "default" there which means to use the Snowflake default for this value.
- `log_level` (String) LOG_LEVEL to use when filtering events For more information, check [LOG_LEVEL docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/parameters#log-level).
- `metric_level` (String) METRIC_LEVEL value to control whether to emit metrics to Event Table For more information, check [METRIC_LEVEL docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/parameters#metric-level).
- `null_input_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior of the function when called with null inputs. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `CALLED ON NULL INPUT` | `RETURNS NULL ON NULL INPUT`.
- `packages` (Set of String) The name and version number of packages required as dependencies. The value should be of the form `package_name==version_number`.
- `return_results_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior of the function when returning results. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `VOLATILE` | `IMMUTABLE`.
- `secrets` (Block Set) Assigns the names of [secrets](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-secret) to variables so that you can use the variables to reference the secrets when retrieving information from secrets in handler code. Secrets you specify here must be allowed by the [external access integration](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-external-access-integration) specified as a value of this CREATE FUNCTION command’s EXTERNAL_ACCESS_INTEGRATIONS parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--secrets))
- `trace_level` (String) Trace level value to use when generating/filtering trace events For more information, check [TRACE_LEVEL docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/parameters#trace-level).

### Read-Only

- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `function_language` (String) Specifies language for the user. Used to detect external changes.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `parameters` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW PARAMETERS IN FUNCTION` for the given function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW FUNCTION` for the given function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--arguments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `arguments`

Required:

- `arg_data_type` (String) The argument type.
- `arg_name` (String) The argument name.

Optional:

- `arg_default_value` (String) Optional default value for the argument. For text values use single quotes. Numeric values can be unquoted. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".


<a id="nestedblock--imports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `imports`

Required:

- `path_on_stage` (String) Path for import on stage, without the leading `/`.
- `stage_location` (String) Stage location without leading `@`. To use your user's stage set this to `~`, otherwise pass fully qualified name of the stage (with every part contained in double quotes or use `snowflake_stage.<your stage's resource name>.fully_qualified_name` if you manage this stage through terraform).


<a id="nestedblock--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Required:

- `secret_id` (String) Fully qualified name of the allowed [secret](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-secret). You will receive an error if you specify a SECRETS value whose secret isn’t also included in an integration specified by the EXTERNAL_ACCESS_INTEGRATIONS parameter.
- `secret_variable_name` (String) The variable that will be used in handler code when retrieving information from the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Read-Only:

- `enable_console_output` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--parameters--enable_console_output))
- `log_level` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--parameters--log_level))
- `metric_level` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--parameters--metric_level))
- `trace_level` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--parameters--trace_level))

<a id="nestedobjatt--parameters--enable_console_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.enable_console_output`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `level` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--parameters--log_level"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.log_level`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `level` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--parameters--metric_level"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.metric_level`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `level` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--parameters--trace_level"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.trace_level`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `level` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `arguments_raw` (String)
- `catalog_name` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `external_access_integrations` (String)
- `is_aggregate` (Boolean)
- `is_ansi` (Boolean)
- `is_builtin` (Boolean)
- `is_data_metric` (Boolean)
- `is_external_function` (Boolean)
- `is_memoizable` (Boolean)
- `is_secure` (Boolean)
- `is_table_function` (Boolean)
- `language` (String)
- `max_num_arguments` (Number)
- `min_num_arguments` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)
- `secrets` (String)
- `valid_for_clustering` (Boolean)
