---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "snowflake_function Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# snowflake_function (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the function. Don't use the | character.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the function; does not have to be unique for the schema in which the function is created. Don't use the | character.
- `return_type` (String) The return type of the function
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the function. Don't use the | character.
- `statement` (String) Specifies the javascript / java / sql / python code used to create the function.

### Optional

- `arguments` (Block List) List of the arguments for the function (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--arguments))
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the function.
- `handler` (String) the handler method for Java and python function.
- `imports` (List of String) jar files to import for Java function or for importing python files.
- `language` (String) The language of the statement
- `null_input_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior of the function when called with null inputs.
- `packages` (List of String) For java the value should be of the form package_name:version_number, where package_name is snowflake_domain:package and for python use it as packages = ('numpy','pandas','xgboost==1.5.0').
- `return_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior of the function when returning results
- `runtime_version` (String) runtime version for python.
- `target_path` (String) the target path for compiled jar file for Java function or the python file for python function.
- `warehouse` (String) The warehouse in which to create the function. Only for Python language.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--arguments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `arguments`

Required:

- `name` (String) The argument name
- `type` (String) The argument type


