---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "snowflake_grant_ownership Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

~> **Note** For more details about granting ownership, please visit [`GRANT OWNERSHIP` Snowflake documentation page](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/grant-ownership).

!> **Warning** Grant ownership resource still has some limitations. Delete operation is not implemented for on_future grants (you have to remove the config and then revoke ownership grant on future X manually).

# snowflake_grant_ownership (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
##################################
### on object to account role
##################################

resource "snowflake_role" "test" {
  name = "test_role"
}

resource "snowflake_database" "test" {
  name = "test_database"
}

resource "snowflake_schema" "test" {
  name     = "test_schema"
  database = snowflake_database.test.name
}

resource "snowflake_grant_ownership" "test" {
  account_role_name   = snowflake_role.test.name
  outbound_privileges = "COPY"
  on {
    object_type = "SCHEMA"
    object_name = "\"${snowflake_database.test.name}\".\"${snowflake_schema.test.name}\""
  }
}

##################################
### on object to database role
##################################

resource "snowflake_database" "test" {
  name = "test_database"
}

resource "snowflake_schema" "test" {
  name     = "test_schema"
  database = snowflake_database.test.name
}

resource "snowflake_database_role" "test" {
  name     = "test_database_role"
  database = snowflake_database.test.name
}

resource "snowflake_grant_ownership" "test" {
  database_role_name  = "\"${snowflake_database_role.test.database}\".\"${snowflake_database_role.test.name}\""
  outbound_privileges = "REVOKE"
  on {
    object_type = "SCHEMA"
    object_name = "\"${snowflake_database.test.name}\".\"${snowflake_schema.test.name}\""
  }
}

##################################
### on all tables in database to account role
##################################

resource "snowflake_role" "test" {
  name = "test_role"
}

resource "snowflake_database" "test" {
  name = "test_database"
}

resource "snowflake_grant_ownership" "test" {
  account_role_name = snowflake_role.test.name
  on {
    all {
      object_type_plural = "TABLES"
      in_database        = snowflake_database.test.name
    }
  }
}

##################################
### on all tables in schema to account role
##################################

resource "snowflake_role" "test" {
  name = "test_role"
}

resource "snowflake_database" "test" {
  name = "test_database"
}

resource "snowflake_schema" "test" {
  name     = "test_schema"
  database = snowflake_database.test.name
}

resource "snowflake_grant_ownership" "test" {
  account_role_name = snowflake_role.test.name
  on {
    all {
      object_type_plural = "TABLES"
      in_schema          = "\"${snowflake_database.test.name}\".\"${snowflake_schema.test.name}\""
    }
  }
}

##################################
### on future tables in database to account role
##################################

resource "snowflake_role" "test" {
  name = "test_role"
}

resource "snowflake_database" "test" {
  name = "test_database"
}

resource "snowflake_grant_ownership" "test" {
  account_role_name = snowflake_role.test.name
  on {
    future {
      object_type_plural = "TABLES"
      in_database        = snowflake_database.test.name
    }
  }
}

##################################
### on future tables in schema to account role
##################################

resource "snowflake_role" "test" {
  name = "test_role"
}

resource "snowflake_database" "test" {
  name = "test_database"
}

resource "snowflake_schema" "test" {
  name     = "test_schema"
  database = snowflake_database.test.name
}

resource "snowflake_grant_ownership" "test" {
  account_role_name = snowflake_role.test.name
  on {
    future {
      object_type_plural = "TABLES"
      in_schema          = "\"${snowflake_database.test.name}\".\"${snowflake_schema.test.name}\""
    }
  }
}

##################################
### RoleBasedAccessControl (RBAC example)
##################################

resource "snowflake_role" "test" {
  name = "role"
}

resource "snowflake_database" "test" {
  name = "database"
}

resource "snowflake_grant_ownership" "test" {
  account_role_name = snowflake_role.test.name
  on {
    object_type = "DATABASE"
    object_name = snowflake_database.test.name
  }
}

resource "snowflake_grant_account_role" "test" {
  role_name = snowflake_role.test.name
  user_name = "username"
}

provider "snowflake" {
  profile = "default"
  alias   = "secondary"
  role    = snowflake_role.test.name
}

## With ownership on the database, the secondary provider is able to create schema on it without any additional privileges.
resource "snowflake_schema" "test" {
  depends_on = [snowflake_grant_ownership.test, snowflake_grant_account_role.test]
  provider   = snowflake.secondary
  database   = snowflake_database.test.name
  name       = "schema"
}
```

## Granting ownership on pipes
To transfer ownership of a pipe, there must be additional conditions met. Otherwise, additional manual work
will be needed afterward or in some cases, the ownership won't be transferred (resulting in error).

To transfer ownership of a pipe(s) **fully automatically**, one of the following conditions has to be met:
- OPERATE and MONITOR privileges are granted to the current role on the pipe(s) and `outbound_privileges` field is set to `COPY`.
- The pipe(s) running status is paused (additional privileges and fields set are needed to pause and resume the pipe before and after ownership transfer. If it's already paused, nothing additional is needed and the pipe will remain paused after the ownership transfer).

To transfer ownership of a pipe(s) **semi-automatically** you have to:
1. Pause the pipe(s) you want to transfer ownership of (using [ALTER PIPE](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/alter-pipe#syntax); see PIPE_EXECUTION_PAUSED).
2. Create Terraform configuration with the `snowflake_grant_ownership` resource and perform ownership transfer with the `terraform apply`.
3. To resume the pipe(s) after ownership transfer use [PIPE_FORCE_RESUME system function](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/functions/system_pipe_force_resume).

## Granting ownership on task
Granting ownership on single task requires:
- Either OWNERSHIP or OPERATE privilege to suspend the task (and its root)
- Role that will be granted ownership has to have USAGE granted on the warehouse assigned to the task, as well as EXECUTE TASK granted globally
- The outbound privileges set to `outbound_privileges = "COPY"` if you want to move grants automatically to the owner (also enables the provider to resume the task automatically)
If originally the first owner won't be granted with OPERATE, USAGE (on the warehouse), EXECUTE TASK (on the account), and outbound privileges won't be set to `COPY`, then you have to resume suspended tasks manually.

## Granting ownership on all tasks in database/schema
Granting ownership on all tasks requires less privileges than granting ownership on one task, because it does a little bit less and requires additional work to be done after.
The only thing you have to take care of is to resume tasks after grant ownership transfer. If all of your tasks are managed by the Snowflake Terraform Plugin, this should
be as simple as running `terraform apply` second time (assuming the currently used role is privileged enough to be able to resume the tasks).
If your tasks are not managed by the Snowflake Terraform Plugin, you should resume them yourself manually.

## Granting ownership on external tables
Transferring ownership on an external table or its parent database blocks automatic refreshes of the table metadata by setting the `AUTO_REFRESH` property to `FALSE`.
Right now, there's no way to check the `AUTO_REFRESH` state of the external table and because of that, a manual step is required after ownership transfer.
To set the `AUTO_REFRESH` property back to `TRUE` (after you transfer ownership), use the [ALTER EXTERNAL TABLE](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/alter-external-table) command.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `on` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configures which object(s) should transfer their ownership to the specified role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--on))

### Optional

- `account_role_name` (String) The fully qualified name of the account role to which privileges will be granted.
- `database_role_name` (String) The fully qualified name of the database role to which privileges will be granted.
- `outbound_privileges` (String) Specifies whether to remove or transfer all existing outbound privileges on the object when ownership is transferred to a new role. Available options are: REVOKE for removing existing privileges and COPY to transfer them with ownership. For more information head over to [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/grant-ownership#optional-parameters).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--on"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on`

Optional:

- `all` (Block List, Max: 1) Configures the privilege to be granted on all objects in either a database or schema. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--on--all))
- `future` (Block List, Max: 1) Configures the privilege to be granted on all objects in either a database or schema. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--on--future))
- `object_name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the object on which you are transferring ownership.
- `object_type` (String) Specifies the type of object on which you are transferring ownership. Available values are: AGGREGATION POLICY | ALERT | AUTHENTICATION POLICY | COMPUTE POOL | CORTEX SEARCH SERVICE | DATA METRIC FUNCTION | DATABASE | DATABASE ROLE | DYNAMIC TABLE | EVENT TABLE | EXTERNAL TABLE | EXTERNAL VOLUME | FAILOVER GROUP | FILE FORMAT | FUNCTION | GIT REPOSITORY | HYBRID TABLE | ICEBERG TABLE | IMAGE REPOSITORY | INTEGRATION | MATERIALIZED VIEW | NETWORK POLICY | NETWORK RULE | PACKAGES POLICY | PIPE | PROCEDURE | MASKING POLICY | PASSWORD POLICY | PROJECTION POLICY | REPLICATION GROUP | ROLE | ROW ACCESS POLICY | SCHEMA | SESSION POLICY | SECRET | SEQUENCE | STAGE | STREAM | TABLE | TAG | TASK | USER | VIEW | WAREHOUSE

<a id="nestedblock--on--all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on.all`

Required:

- `object_type_plural` (String) Specifies the type of object in plural form on which you are transferring ownership. Available values are: AGGREGATION POLICIES | ALERTS | AUTHENTICATION POLICIES | COMPUTE POOLS | CORTEX SEARCH SERVICES | DATA METRIC FUNCTIONS | DATABASES | DATABASE ROLES | DYNAMIC TABLES | EVENT TABLES | EXTERNAL TABLES | EXTERNAL VOLUMES | FAILOVER GROUPS | FILE FORMATS | FUNCTIONS | GIT REPOSITORIES | HYBRID TABLES | ICEBERG TABLES | IMAGE REPOSITORIES | INTEGRATIONS | MATERIALIZED VIEWS | NETWORK POLICIES | NETWORK RULES | PACKAGES POLICIES | PIPES | PROCEDURES | MASKING POLICIES | PASSWORD POLICIES | PROJECTION POLICIES | REPLICATION GROUPS | ROLES | ROW ACCESS POLICIES | SCHEMAS | SESSION POLICIES | SECRETS | SEQUENCES | STAGES | STREAMS | TABLES | TAGS | TASKS | USERS | VIEWS | WAREHOUSES. For more information head over to [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/grant-ownership#required-parameters).

Optional:

- `in_database` (String) The fully qualified name of the database.
- `in_schema` (String) The fully qualified name of the schema.


<a id="nestedblock--on--future"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on.future`

Required:

- `object_type_plural` (String) Specifies the type of object in plural form on which you are transferring ownership. Available values are: AGGREGATION POLICIES | ALERTS | AUTHENTICATION POLICIES | COMPUTE POOLS | CORTEX SEARCH SERVICES | DATA METRIC FUNCTIONS | DATABASES | DATABASE ROLES | DYNAMIC TABLES | EVENT TABLES | EXTERNAL TABLES | EXTERNAL VOLUMES | FAILOVER GROUPS | FILE FORMATS | FUNCTIONS | GIT REPOSITORIES | HYBRID TABLES | ICEBERG TABLES | IMAGE REPOSITORIES | INTEGRATIONS | MATERIALIZED VIEWS | NETWORK POLICIES | NETWORK RULES | PACKAGES POLICIES | PIPES | PROCEDURES | MASKING POLICIES | PASSWORD POLICIES | PROJECTION POLICIES | REPLICATION GROUPS | ROLES | ROW ACCESS POLICIES | SCHEMAS | SESSION POLICIES | SECRETS | SEQUENCES | STAGES | STREAMS | TABLES | TAGS | TASKS | USERS | VIEWS | WAREHOUSES. For more information head over to [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/grant-ownership#required-parameters).

Optional:

- `in_database` (String) The fully qualified name of the database.
- `in_schema` (String) The fully qualified name of the schema.

## Import

~> **Note** All the ..._name parts should be fully qualified names (where every part is quoted), e.g. for schema object it is `"<database_name>"."<schema_name>"."<object_name>"`

Import is supported using the following syntax:

`terraform import "<role_type>|<role_identifier>|<outbound_privileges_behavior>|<grant_type>|<grant_data>"`

where:
- role_type - string - type of granted role (either ToAccountRole or ToDatabaseRole)
- role_name - string - fully qualified identifier for either account role or database role (depending on the role_type)
- outbound_privileges_behavior - string - behavior specified for existing roles (can be either COPY or REVOKE)
- grant_type - enum
- grant_data - data dependent on grant_type

It has varying number of parts, depending on grant_type. All the possible types are:

### OnObject
`terraform import "<role_type>|<role_identifier>|<outbound_privileges_behavior>|OnObject|<object_type>|<object_name>"`

### OnAll (contains inner types: InDatabase | InSchema)

#### InDatabase
`terraform import "<role_type>|<role_identifier>|<outbound_privileges_behavior>|OnAll|<object_type_plural>|InDatabase|<database_name>"`

#### InSchema
`terraform import "<role_type>|<role_identifier>|<outbound_privileges_behavior>|OnAll|<object_type_plural>|InSchema|<schema_name>"`

### OnFuture (contains inner types: InDatabase | InSchema)

#### InDatabase
`terraform import "<role_type>|<role_identifier>|<outbound_privileges_behavior>|OnFuture|<object_type_plural>|InDatabase|<database_name>"`

#### InSchema
`terraform import "<role_type>|<role_identifier>|<outbound_privileges_behavior>|OnFuture|<object_type_plural>|InSchema|<schema_name>"`

### Import examples

#### OnObject on Schema ToAccountRole
`terraform import "ToAccountRole|\"account_role\"|COPY|OnObject|SCHEMA|\"database_name\".\"schema_name\""`

#### OnObject on Schema ToDatabaseRole
`terraform import "ToDatabaseRole|\"database_name\".\"database_role_name\"|COPY|OnObject|SCHEMA|\"database_name\".\"schema_name\""`

#### OnObject on Table
`terraform import "ToAccountRole|\"account_role\"|COPY|OnObject|TABLE|\"database_name\".\"schema_name\".\"table_name\""`

#### OnAll InDatabase
`terraform import "ToAccountRole|\"account_role\"|REVOKE|OnAll|TABLES|InDatabase|\"database_name\""`

#### OnAll InSchema
`terraform import "ToAccountRole|\"account_role\"||OnAll|TABLES|InSchema|\"database_name\".\"schema_name\""`

#### OnFuture InDatabase
`terraform import "ToAccountRole|\"account_role\"||OnFuture|TABLES|InDatabase|\"database_name\""`

#### OnFuture InSchema
`terraform import "ToAccountRole|\"account_role\"|COPY|OnFuture|TABLES|InSchema|\"database_name\".\"schema_name\""`
