---
page_title: "snowflake_managed_account Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled field` in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Snowflake-Labs/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_managed_account (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_managed_account" "account" {
  name           = "managed account"
  admin_name     = "admin"
  admin_password = "secret"
  type           = "READER"
  comment        = "A managed account."
  cloud          = "aws"
  region         = "us-west-2"
  locator        = "managed-account"
}
```

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `admin_name` (String) Identifier, as well as login name, for the initial user in the managed account. This user serves as the account administrator for the account.
- `admin_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the initial user in the managed account. Check [Snowflake-provided password policy](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-user-management#snowflake-provided-password-policy).
- `name` (String) Identifier for the managed account; must be unique for your account.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the managed account.
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of managed account.

### Read-Only

- `cloud` (String) Cloud in which the managed account is located.
- `created_on` (String) Date and time when the managed account was created.
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `locator` (String) Display name of the managed account.
- `region` (String) Snowflake Region in which the managed account is located.
- `url` (String) URL for accessing the managed account, particularly through the web interface.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_managed_account.example name
```
