---
page_title: "snowflake_masking_policy Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Stable"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage masking policies. For more information, check masking policies documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-masking-policy.
---

!> **Note** According to Snowflake [docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/drop-masking-policy#usage-notes), a masking policy cannot be dropped successfully if it is currently assigned to another object. Currently, the provider does not unassign such objects automatically. Before dropping the resource, first unassign the policy from the relevant objects. See [guide](../guides/unassigning_policies) for more details.

!> **Sensitive values** This resource's `body` and `describe_output.body` fields are not marked as sensitive in the provider. Ensure that no personal data, sensitive data, export-controlled data, or other regulated data is entered as metadata when using the provider. If you use one of these fields, they may be present in logs, so ensure that the provider logs are properly restricted. For more information, see [Sensitive values limitations](../#sensitive-values-limitations) and [Metadata fields in Snowflake](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/metadata).

# snowflake_masking_policy (Resource)

Resource used to manage masking policies. For more information, check [masking policies documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-masking-policy).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# basic resource
resource "snowflake_masking_policy" "test" {
  name     = "EXAMPLE_MASKING_POLICY"
  database = "EXAMPLE_DB"
  schema   = "EXAMPLE_SCHEMA"
  argument {
    name = "ARG1"
    type = "VARCHAR"
  }
  argument {
    name = "ARG2"
    type = "NUMBER"
  }
  argument {
    name = "ARG3"
    type = "TIMESTAMP_NTZ"
  }
  body             = <<-EOF
  case
    when current_role() in ('ROLE_A') then
      ARG1
    when is_role_in_session( 'ROLE_B' ) then
      'ABC123'
    else
      '******'
  end
EOF
  return_data_type = "VARCHAR"
}

# resource with all fields set
resource "snowflake_masking_policy" "test" {
  name     = "EXAMPLE_MASKING_POLICY"
  database = "EXAMPLE_DB"
  schema   = "EXAMPLE_SCHEMA"
  argument {
    name = "ARG1"
    type = "VARCHAR"
  }
  argument {
    name = "ARG2"
    type = "NUMBER"
  }
  argument {
    name = "ARG3"
    type = "TIMESTAMP_NTZ"
  }
  body                  = <<-EOF
  case
    when current_role() in ('ROLE_A') then
      ARG1
    when is_role_in_session( 'ROLE_B' ) then
      'ABC123'
    else
      '******'
  end
EOF
  return_data_type      = "VARCHAR"
  exempt_other_policies = "true"
  comment               = "example masking policy"
}
```
-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `argument` (Block List, Min: 1) List of the arguments for the masking policy. The first column and its data type always indicate the column data type values to mask or tokenize in the subsequent policy conditions. Note that you can not specify a virtual column as the first column argument in a conditional masking policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--argument))
- `body` (String) Specifies the SQL expression that transforms the data. To mitigate permadiff on this field, the provider replaces blank characters with a space. This can lead to false positives in cases where a change in case or run of whitespace is semantically significant.
- `database` (String) The database in which to create the masking policy. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the masking policy; must be unique for the database and schema in which the masking policy is created. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `return_data_type` (String) The return data type must match the input data type of the first column that is specified as an input column. For more information about data types, check [Snowflake docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/intro-summary-data-types).
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the masking policy. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the masking policy.
- `exempt_other_policies` (String) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`default`)) Specifies whether the row access policy or conditional masking policy can reference a column that is already protected by a masking policy. Due to Snowflake limitations, when value is changed, the resource is recreated. Available options are: "true" or "false". When the value is not set in the configuration the provider will put "default" there which means to use the Snowflake default for this value.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE MASKING POLICY` for the given masking policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW MASKING POLICIES` for the given masking policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--argument"></a>
### Nested Schema for `argument`

Required:

- `name` (String) The argument name
- `type` (String) The argument type. VECTOR data types are not yet supported. For more information about data types, check [Snowflake docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/intro-summary-data-types).


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `body` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `return_type` (String)
- `signature` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--describe_output--signature))

<a id="nestedobjatt--describe_output--signature"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output.signature`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `exempt_other_policies` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_row_access_policy.example '"<database_name>"."<schema_name>"."<masking_policy_name>"'
```
