---
page_title: "snowflake_materialized_view Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

!> **Sensitive values** This resource's `statement` field is not marked as sensitive in the provider. Ensure that no personal data, sensitive data, export-controlled data, or other regulated data is entered as metadata when using the provider. If you use one of these fields, they may be present in logs, so ensure that the provider logs are properly restricted. For more information, see [Sensitive values limitations](../#sensitive-values-limitations) and [Metadata fields in Snowflake](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/metadata).

# snowflake_materialized_view (Resource)



## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
resource "snowflake_materialized_view" "view" {
  database  = "db"
  schema    = "schema"
  name      = "view"
  warehouse = "warehouse"

  comment = "comment"

  statement  = <<-SQL
    select * from foo;
SQL
  or_replace = false
  is_secure  = false
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the view. Don't use the | character.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the view; must be unique for the schema in which the view is created.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the view. Don't use the | character.
- `statement` (String) Specifies the query used to create the view.
- `warehouse` (String) The warehouse name.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the view.
- `is_secure` (Boolean) (Default: `false`) Specifies that the view is secure.
- `or_replace` (Boolean) (Default: `false`) Overwrites the View if it exists.
- `tag` (Block List, Deprecated) Definitions of a tag to associate with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- `name` (String) Tag name, e.g. department.
- `value` (String) Tag value, e.g. marketing_info.

Optional:

- `database` (String) Name of the database that the tag was created in.
- `schema` (String) Name of the schema that the tag was created in.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# format is database name | schema name | view name
terraform import snowflake_materialized_view.example 'dbName|schemaName|viewName'
```
