---
page_title: "snowflake_network_policy_attachment Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

!> **Important** Starting from v0.95.0, it is advised to use this resource **only** if users are not managed through terraform. Check more in the [migration guide](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/MIGRATION_GUIDE.md#breaking-change-snowflake_network_policy_attachment-usage-with-snowflake_user).

# snowflake_network_policy_attachment (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_network_policy_attachment" "attach" {
  network_policy_name = "policy"
  set_for_account     = false
  users               = ["user1", "user2"]
}
```

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_policy_name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the network policy; must be unique for the account in which the network policy is created.

### Optional

- `set_for_account` (Boolean) (Default: `false`) Specifies whether the network policy should be applied globally to your Snowflake account<br><br>**Note:** The Snowflake user running `terraform apply` must be on an IP address allowed by the network policy to set that policy globally on the Snowflake account.<br><br>Additionally, a Snowflake account can only have one network policy set globally at any given time. This resource does not enforce one-policy-per-account, it is the user's responsibility to enforce this. If multiple network policy resources have `set_for_account: true`, the final policy set on the account will be non-deterministic.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `users` (Set of String) Specifies which users the network policy should be attached to

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_network_policy_attachment.example attachment_policyname
```
