---
page_title: "snowflake_network_rule Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled field` in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Snowflake-Labs/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

!> **Note** A network rule cannot be dropped successfully if it is currently assigned to a network policy. Currently, the provider does not unassign such objects automatically. Before dropping the resource, first unassign the network rule from the relevant objects. See [guide](../guides/unassigning_policies) for more details.

# snowflake_network_rule (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_network_rule" "rule" {
  name       = "rule"
  database   = "EXAMPLE_DB"
  schema     = "EXAMPLE_SCHEMA"
  comment    = "A rule."
  type       = "IPV4"
  mode       = "INGRESS"
  value_list = ["192.168.0.100/24", "29.254.123.20"]
}
```
-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the network rule.
- `mode` (String) Specifies what is restricted by the network rule. Valid values are INGRESS, INTERNAL_STAGE and EGRESS; see https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-network-rule#required-parameters for details.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the network rule; must be unique for the database and schema in which the network rule is created.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the network rule.
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of network identifiers being allowed or blocked. A network rule can have only one type. Allowed values are IPV4, AWSVPCEID, AZURELINKID and HOST_PORT; allowed values are determined by the mode of the network rule; see https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-network-rule#required-parameters for details.
- `value_list` (Set of String) Specifies the network identifiers that will be allowed or blocked. Valid values in the list are determined by the type of network rule, see https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-network-rule#required-parameters for details.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the network rule.

### Read-Only

- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_network_rule.example 'databaseName|schemaName|networkRuleName'
```
