---
page_title: "snowflake_notification_integration Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# snowflake_notification_integration (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_notification_integration" "integration" {
  name    = "notification"
  comment = "A notification integration."

  enabled   = true
  type      = "QUEUE"
  direction = "OUTBOUND"

  # AZURE_STORAGE_QUEUE
  notification_provider           = "AZURE_STORAGE_QUEUE"
  azure_storage_queue_primary_uri = "..."
  azure_tenant_id                 = "..."

  # AWS_SQS
  #notification_provider = "AWS_SQS"
  #aws_sqs_arn           = "..."
  #aws_sqs_role_arn      = "..."

  # AWS_SNS
  #notification_provider = "AWS_SNS"
  #aws_sns_topic_arn     = "..."
  #aws_sns_role_arn      = "..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)
- `notification_provider` (String) The third-party cloud message queuing service (supported values: AZURE_STORAGE_QUEUE, AWS_SNS, GCP_PUBSUB; AWS_SQS is deprecated and will be removed in the future provider versions)

### Optional

- `aws_sns_role_arn` (String) AWS IAM role ARN for notification integration to assume. Required for AWS_SNS provider
- `aws_sns_topic_arn` (String) AWS SNS Topic ARN for notification integration to connect to. Required for AWS_SNS provider.
- `aws_sqs_arn` (String, Deprecated) AWS SQS queue ARN for notification integration to connect to
- `aws_sqs_role_arn` (String, Deprecated) AWS IAM role ARN for notification integration to assume
- `azure_storage_queue_primary_uri` (String) The queue ID for the Azure Queue Storage queue created for Event Grid notifications. Required for AZURE_STORAGE_QUEUE provider
- `azure_tenant_id` (String) The ID of the Azure Active Directory tenant used for identity management. Required for AZURE_STORAGE_QUEUE provider
- `comment` (String) A comment for the integration
- `direction` (String, Deprecated) Direction of the cloud messaging with respect to Snowflake (required only for error notifications)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `gcp_pubsub_subscription_name` (String) The subscription id that Snowflake will listen to when using the GCP_PUBSUB provider.
- `gcp_pubsub_topic_name` (String) The topic id that Snowflake will use to push notifications.
- `type` (String, Deprecated) A type of integration

### Read-Only

- `aws_sns_external_id` (String) The external ID that Snowflake will use when assuming the AWS role
- `aws_sns_iam_user_arn` (String) The Snowflake user that will attempt to assume the AWS role.
- `aws_sqs_external_id` (String, Deprecated) The external ID that Snowflake will use when assuming the AWS role
- `aws_sqs_iam_user_arn` (String, Deprecated) The Snowflake user that will attempt to assume the AWS role.
- `created_on` (String) Date and time when the notification integration was created.
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `gcp_pubsub_service_account` (String) The GCP service account identifier that Snowflake will use when assuming the GCP role
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_notification_integration.example name
```
