---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "snowflake_password_policy Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A password policy specifies the requirements that must be met to create and reset a password to authenticate to Snowflake.
---

# snowflake_password_policy (Resource)

A password policy specifies the requirements that must be met to create and reset a password to authenticate to Snowflake.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database this password policy belongs to.
- `name` (String) Identifier for the password policy; must be unique for your account.
- `schema` (String) The schema this password policy belongs to.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Adds a comment or overwrites an existing comment for the password policy.
- `if_not_exists` (Boolean) Prevent overwriting a previous password policy with the same name.
- `lockout_time_mins` (Number) Specifies the number of minutes the user account will be locked after exhausting the designated number of password retries (i.e. PASSWORD_MAX_RETRIES). Supported range: 1 to 999, inclusive. Default: 15
- `max_age_days` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of days before the password must be changed. Supported range: 0 to 999, inclusive. A value of zero (i.e. 0) indicates that the password does not need to be changed. Snowflake does not recommend choosing this value for a default account-level password policy or for any user-level policy. Instead, choose a value that meets your internal security guidelines. Default: 90, which means the password must be changed every 90 days.
- `max_length` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of characters the password must contain. This number must be greater than or equal to the sum of PASSWORD_MIN_LENGTH, PASSWORD_MIN_UPPER_CASE_CHARS, and PASSWORD_MIN_LOWER_CASE_CHARS. Supported range: 8 to 256, inclusive. Default: 256
- `max_retries` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of attempts to enter a password before being locked out. Supported range: 1 to 10, inclusive. Default: 5
- `min_length` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of characters the password must contain. Supported range: 8 to 256, inclusive. Default: 8
- `min_lower_case_chars` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of lowercase characters the password must contain. Supported range: 0 to 256, inclusive. Default: 1
- `min_numeric_chars` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of numeric characters the password must contain. Supported range: 0 to 256, inclusive. Default: 1
- `min_special_chars` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of special characters the password must contain. Supported range: 0 to 256, inclusive. Default: 1
- `min_upper_case_chars` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of uppercase characters the password must contain. Supported range: 0 to 256, inclusive. Default: 1
- `or_replace` (Boolean) Whether to override a previous password policy with the same name.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `qualified_name` (String) The qualified name for the password policy.


