---
page_title: "snowflake_pipe Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled field` in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Snowflake-Labs/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_pipe (Resource)

~> **Note** Right now, changes for the `integration` field are not detected. This will be resolved in the [upcoming refactoring](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/ROADMAP.md#preparing-essential-ga-objects-for-the-provider-v1). For now, please try to use the [replace_triggered_by](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/meta-arguments/lifecycle#replace_triggered_by) HCL meta-argument.



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_pipe" "pipe" {
  database = "db"
  schema   = "schema"
  name     = "pipe"

  comment = "A pipe."

  copy_statement = "copy into mytable from @mystage"
  auto_ingest    = false

  aws_sns_topic_arn    = "..."
  notification_channel = "..."
}
```
-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `copy_statement` (String) Specifies the copy statement for the pipe.
- `database` (String) The database in which to create the pipe.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the pipe; must be unique for the database and schema in which the pipe is created.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the pipe.

### Optional

- `auto_ingest` (Boolean) Specifies a auto_ingest param for the pipe.
- `aws_sns_topic_arn` (String) Specifies the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the SNS topic for your S3 bucket.
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the pipe.
- `error_integration` (String) Specifies the name of the notification integration used for error notifications.
- `integration` (String) Specifies an integration for the pipe.

### Read-Only

- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notification_channel` (String) Amazon Resource Name of the Amazon SQS queue for the stage named in the DEFINITION column.
- `owner` (String) Name of the role that owns the pipe.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# format is database name | schema name | pipe name
terraform import snowflake_pipe.example 'dbName|schemaName|pipeName'
```
