---
page_title: "snowflake_primary_connection Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Stable"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage primary connections. For managing replicated connection check resource snowflake_secondary_connection ./secondary_connection. For more information, check connection documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-connection.html.
---

# snowflake_primary_connection (Resource)

Resource used to manage primary connections. For managing replicated connection check resource [snowflake_secondary_connection](./secondary_connection). For more information, check [connection documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-connection.html).

## Example Usage

```terraform
## Minimal
resource "snowflake_primary_connection" "basic" {
  name = "connection_name"
}

## Complete (with every optional set)
resource "snowflake_primary_connection" "complete" {
  name    = "connection_name"
  comment = "my complete connection"
  enable_failover_to_accounts = [
    "\"<secondary_account_organization_name>\".\"<secondary_account_name>\""
  ]
}
```

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).

-> **Note** To demote `snowflake_primary_connection` to [`snowflake_secondary_connection`](./secondary_connection), resources need to be migrated manually. For guidance on removing and importing resources into the state check [resource migration](../guides/resource_migration). Remove the resource from the state with [terraform state rm](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/state/rm), then recreate it in manually using:
    ```
    CREATE CONNECTION <name> AS REPLICA OF <organization_name>.<account_name>.<connection_name>;
    ```
and then import it as the `snowflake_secondary_connection`.
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) String that specifies the identifier (i.e. name) for the connection. Must start with an alphabetic character and may only contain letters, decimal digits (0-9), and underscores (_). For a primary connection, the name must be unique across connection names and account names in the organization.  Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the connection.
- `enable_failover_to_accounts` (List of String) Enables failover for given connection to provided accounts. Specifies a list of accounts in your organization where a secondary connection for this primary connection can be promoted to serve as the primary connection. Include your organization name for each account in the list. For more information about this resource, see [docs](./account).

### Read-Only

- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_primary` (Boolean) Indicates if the connection is primary. When Terraform detects that the connection is not primary, the resource is recreated.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW CONNECTIONS` for the given connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `account_locator` (String)
- `account_name` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `connection_url` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `failover_allowed_to_accounts` (List of String)
- `is_primary` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `organization_name` (String)
- `primary` (String)
- `region_group` (String)
- `snowflake_region` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_primary_connection.example '"<primary_connection_name>"'
```
