---
page_title: "snowflake_procedure Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# snowflake_procedure (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_database" "db" {
  name                = "MYDB"
  data_retention_days = 1
}

resource "snowflake_schema" "schema" {
  database            = snowflake_database.db.name
  name                = "MYSCHEMA"
  data_retention_days = 1
}

resource "snowflake_procedure" "proc" {
  name     = "SAMPLEPROC"
  database = snowflake_database.db.name
  schema   = snowflake_schema.schema.name
  language = "JAVASCRIPT"
  arguments {
    name = "arg1"
    type = "varchar"
  }
  arguments {
    name = "arg2"
    type = "DATE"
  }
  comment             = "Procedure with 2 arguments"
  return_type         = "VARCHAR"
  execute_as          = "CALLER"
  return_behavior     = "IMMUTABLE"
  null_input_behavior = "RETURNS NULL ON NULL INPUT"
  statement           = <<EOT
var X=1
return X
EOT
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the procedure. Don't use the | character.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the procedure; does not have to be unique for the schema in which the procedure is created. Don't use the | character.
- `return_type` (String) The return type of the procedure
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the procedure. Don't use the | character.
- `statement` (String) Specifies the code used to create the procedure.

### Optional

- `arguments` (Block List) List of the arguments for the procedure (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--arguments))
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the procedure.
- `execute_as` (String) Sets execute context - see caller's rights and owner's rights
- `handler` (String) The handler method for Java / Python procedures.
- `imports` (List of String) Imports for Java / Python procedures. For Java this a list of jar files, for Python this is a list of Python files.
- `language` (String) Specifies the language of the stored procedure code.
- `null_input_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior of the procedure when called with null inputs.
- `packages` (List of String) List of package imports to use for Java / Python procedures. For Java, package imports should be of the form: package_name:version_number, where package_name is snowflake_domain:package. For Python use it should be: ('numpy','pandas','xgboost==1.5.0').
- `return_behavior` (String, Deprecated) Specifies the behavior of the function when returning results
- `runtime_version` (String) Required for Python procedures. Specifies Python runtime version.
- `secure` (Boolean) Specifies that the procedure is secure. For more information about secure procedures, see Protecting Sensitive Information with Secure UDFs and Stored Procedures.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--arguments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `arguments`

Required:

- `name` (String) The argument name
- `type` (String) The argument type

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# format is database name | schema name | stored procedure name | <list of arg types, separated with '-'>
terraform import snowflake_procedure.example 'dbName|schemaName|procedureName|varchar-varchar-varchar'
```
