---
page_title: "snowflake_row_access_policy Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

!> **V1 release candidate** This resource was reworked and is a release candidate for the V1. We do not expect significant changes in it before the V1. We will welcome any feedback and adjust the resource if needed. Any errors reported will be resolved with a higher priority. We encourage checking this resource out before the V1 release. Please follow the [migration guide](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/MIGRATION_GUIDE.md#v0950--v0960) to use it.

# snowflake_row_access_policy (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_row_access_policy" "example_row_access_policy" {
  name     = "EXAMPLE_ROW_ACCESS_POLICY"
  database = "EXAMPLE_DB"
  schema   = "EXAMPLE_SCHEMA"
  argument {
    name = "ARG1"
    type = "VARCHAR"
  }
  argument {
    name = "ARG2"
    type = "NUMBER"
  }
  argument {
    name = "ARG3"
    type = "TIMESTAMP_NTZ"
  }
  body    = "case when current_role() in ('ANALYST') then true else false end"
  comment = "comment"
}
```
-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Snowflake-Labs/snowflake/latest/docs/guides/identifiers#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `argument` (Block List, Min: 1) List of the arguments for the row access policy. A signature specifies a set of attributes that must be considered to determine whether the row is accessible. The attribute values come from the database object (e.g. table or view) to be protected by the row access policy. If any argument name or type is changed, the resource is recreated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--argument))
- `body` (String) Specifies the SQL expression. The expression can be any boolean-valued SQL expression. To mitigate permadiff on this field, the provider replaces blank characters with a space. This can lead to false positives in cases where a change in case or run of whitespace is semantically significant.
- `database` (String) The database in which to create the row access policy. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/docs/technical-documentation/identifiers_rework_design_decisions.md#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `(`, `)`, `"`
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the row access policy; must be unique for the database and schema in which the row access policy is created. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/docs/technical-documentation/identifiers_rework_design_decisions.md#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `(`, `)`, `"`
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the row access policy. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/docs/technical-documentation/identifiers_rework_design_decisions.md#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `(`, `)`, `"`

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the row access policy.

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE ROW ACCESS POLICY` for the given row access policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW ROW ACCESS POLICY` for the given row access policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--argument"></a>
### Nested Schema for `argument`

Required:

- `name` (String) The argument name
- `type` (String) The argument type


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `body` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `return_type` (String)
- `signature` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `options` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_row_access_policy.example '"<database_name>"."<schema_name>"."<row_access_policy_name>"'
```
