---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "snowflake_schema_grant Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# snowflake_schema_grant (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_schema_grant" "grant" {
  database_name = "database"
  schema_name   = "schema"

  privilege = "USAGE"
  roles     = ["role1", "role2"]
  shares    = ["share1", "share2"]

  on_future         = false
  with_grant_option = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_name` (String) The name of the database containing the schema on which to grant privileges.

### Optional

- `enable_multiple_grants` (Boolean) When this is set to true, multiple grants of the same type can be created. This will cause Terraform to not revoke grants applied to roles and objects outside Terraform.
- `on_all` (Boolean) When this is set to true, apply this grant on all schemas in the given database. The schema_name and shares fields must be unset in order to use on_all. Cannot be used together with on_future.
- `on_future` (Boolean) When this is set to true, apply this grant on all future schemas in the given database. The schema_name and shares fields must be unset in order to use on_future. Cannot be used together with on_all.
- `privilege` (String) The privilege to grant on the current or future schema. Note that if "OWNERSHIP" is specified, ensure that the role that terraform is using is granted access. To grant all privileges, use the value `ALL PRIVILEGES`
- `revert_ownership_to_role_name` (String) The name of the role to revert ownership to on destroy. Has no effect unless `privilege` is set to `OWNERSHIP`
- `roles` (Set of String) Grants privilege to these roles.
- `schema_name` (String) The name of the schema on which to grant privileges.
- `shares` (Set of String) Grants privilege to these shares (only valid if on_future and on_all are unset).
- `with_grant_option` (Boolean) When this is set to true, allows the recipient role to grant the privileges to other roles.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# format is database_name|schema_name|privilege|with_grant_option|on_future|on_all|roles|shares
terraform import snowflake_schema_grant.example "MY_DATABASE|MY_SCHEMA|USAGE|false|false|false|role1,role2|share1,share2"
```
