---
page_title: "snowflake_shared_database Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A shared database creates a database from a share provided by another Snowflake account. For more information about shares, see Introduction to Secure Data Sharing https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-sharing-intro.
---

# snowflake_shared_database (Resource)

A shared database creates a database from a share provided by another Snowflake account. For more information about shares, see [Introduction to Secure Data Sharing](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-sharing-intro).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_shared_database" "test" {
  name                  = "shared_database"
  from_share            = "organization_name.account_name.share_name"
  is_transient          = false
  external_volume       = "external_volume_name"
  catalog               = "catalog_name"
  default_ddl_collation = "en_US"
  log_level             = "OFF"
  trace_level           = "OFF"
  comment               = "A shared database"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `from_share` (String) A fully qualified path to a share from which the database will be created. A fully qualified path follows the format of `"<organization_name>"."<account_name>"."<share_name>"`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the database; must be unique for your account.

### Optional

- `catalog` (String) The database parameter that specifies the default catalog to use for Iceberg tables.
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the database.
- `default_ddl_collation` (String) Specifies a default collation specification for all schemas and tables added to the database. It can be overridden on schema or table level. For more information, see [collation specification](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/collation#label-collation-specification).
- `external_volume` (String) The database parameter that specifies the default external volume to use for Iceberg tables.
- `is_transient` (Boolean) Specifies the database as transient. Transient databases do not have a Fail-safe period so they do not incur additional storage costs once they leave Time Travel; however, this means they are also not protected by Fail-safe in the event of a data loss.
- `log_level` (String) Specifies the severity level of messages that should be ingested and made available in the active event table. Valid options are: [TRACE DEBUG INFO WARN ERROR FATAL OFF]. Messages at the specified level (and at more severe levels) are ingested. For more information, see [LOG_LEVEL](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/parameters.html#label-log-level).
- `trace_level` (String) Controls how trace events are ingested into the event table. Valid options are: [ALWAYS ON_EVENT OFF]. For information about levels, see [TRACE_LEVEL](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/parameters.html#label-trace-level).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_shared_database.example 'shared_database_name'
```
