---
page_title: "snowflake_stage Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled field` in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Snowflake-Labs/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_stage (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_stage" "example_stage" {
  name        = "EXAMPLE_STAGE"
  url         = "s3://com.example.bucket/prefix"
  database    = "EXAMPLE_DB"
  schema      = "EXAMPLE_SCHEMA"
  credentials = "AWS_KEY_ID='${var.example_aws_key_id}' AWS_SECRET_KEY='${var.example_aws_secret_key}'"
}

# with an existing hardcoded file format
# please see other examples in the resource documentation
resource "snowflake_stage" "example_stage_with_file_format" {
  name        = "EXAMPLE_STAGE"
  url         = "s3://com.example.bucket/prefix"
  database    = "EXAMPLE_DB"
  schema      = "EXAMPLE_SCHEMA"
  credentials = "AWS_KEY_ID='${var.example_aws_key_id}' AWS_SECRET_KEY='${var.example_aws_secret_key}'"
  file_format = "FORMAT_NAME = DB.SCHEMA.FORMATNAME"
}
```

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the stage.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the stage; must be unique for the database and schema in which the stage is created.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the stage.

### Optional

- `aws_external_id` (String) A unique ID assigned to the specific stage. The ID has the following format: &lt;snowflakeAccount&gt;_SFCRole=&lt;snowflakeRoleId&gt;_&lt;randomId&gt;
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the stage.
- `copy_options` (String) Specifies the copy options for the stage.
- `credentials` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the credentials for the stage.
- `directory` (String) Specifies the directory settings for the stage.
- `encryption` (String) Specifies the encryption settings for the stage.
- `file_format` (String) Specifies the file format for the stage. Specifying the default Snowflake value (e.g. TYPE = CSV) will currently result in a permadiff (check [#2679](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/issues/2679)). For now, omit the default values; it will be fixed in the upcoming provider versions. Examples of usage: <b>1. with hardcoding value:</b> `file_format="FORMAT_NAME = DB.SCHEMA.FORMATNAME"` <b>2. from dynamic value:</b> `file_format = "FORMAT_NAME = ${snowflake_file_format.myfileformat.fully_qualified_name}"` <b>3. from expression:</b> `file_format = format("FORMAT_NAME =%s.%s.MYFILEFORMAT", var.db_name, each.value.schema_name)`. Reference: [#265](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/issues/265)
- `snowflake_iam_user` (String) An AWS IAM user created for your Snowflake account. This user is the same for every external S3 stage created in your account.
- `storage_integration` (String) Specifies the name of the storage integration used to delegate authentication responsibility for external cloud storage to a Snowflake identity and access management (IAM) entity.
- `tag` (Block List, Deprecated) Definitions of a tag to associate with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))
- `url` (String) Specifies the URL for the stage.

### Read-Only

- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- `name` (String) Tag name, e.g. department.
- `value` (String) Tag value, e.g. marketing_info.

Optional:

- `database` (String) Name of the database that the tag was created in.
- `schema` (String) Name of the schema that the tag was created in.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# format is database name | schema name | stage name
terraform import snowflake_stage.example 'dbName|schemaName|stageName'
```
