---
page_title: "snowflake_storage_integration Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_storage_integration (Resource)



## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
resource "snowflake_storage_integration" "integration" {
  name    = "storage"
  comment = "A storage integration."
  type    = "EXTERNAL_STAGE"

  enabled = true

  #   storage_allowed_locations = [""]
  #   storage_blocked_locations = [""]
  #   storage_aws_object_acl    = "bucket-owner-full-control"

  storage_provider         = "S3"
  storage_aws_external_id  = "..."
  storage_aws_iam_user_arn = "..."
  storage_aws_role_arn     = "..."

  # azure_tenant_id
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)
- `storage_allowed_locations` (List of String) Explicitly limits external stages that use the integration to reference one or more storage locations.
- `storage_provider` (String) Specifies the storage provider for the integration. Valid options are: `S3` | `S3GOV` | `S3CHINA` | `GCS` | `AZURE`

### Optional

- `azure_tenant_id` (String) (Default: ``)
- `comment` (String) (Default: ``)
- `enabled` (Boolean) (Default: `true`)
- `storage_aws_object_acl` (String) "bucket-owner-full-control" Enables support for AWS access control lists (ACLs) to grant the bucket owner full control.
- `storage_aws_role_arn` (String) (Default: ``)
- `storage_blocked_locations` (List of String) Explicitly prohibits external stages that use the integration from referencing one or more storage locations.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `type` (String) (Default: `EXTERNAL_STAGE`)

### Read-Only

- `azure_consent_url` (String, Sensitive) The consent URL that is used to create an Azure Snowflake service principle inside your tenant.
- `azure_multi_tenant_app_name` (String) This is the name of the Snowflake client application created for your account.
- `created_on` (String) Date and time when the storage integration was created.
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `storage_aws_external_id` (String) The external ID that Snowflake will use when assuming the AWS role.
- `storage_aws_iam_user_arn` (String) The Snowflake user that will attempt to assume the AWS role.
- `storage_gcp_service_account` (String) This is the name of the Snowflake Google Service Account created for your account.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_storage_integration.example name
```
