---
page_title: "snowflake_streamlit Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource used to manage streamlits objects. For more information, check streamlit documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/commands-streamlit.
---

!> **V1 release candidate** This resource was reworked and is a release candidate for the V1. We do not expect significant changes in it before the V1. We will welcome any feedback and adjust the resource if needed. Any errors reported will be resolved with a higher priority. We encourage checking this resource out before the V1 release. Please follow the [migration guide](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/terraform-provider-snowflake/blob/main/MIGRATION_GUIDE.md#v0930--v0940) to use it.

# snowflake_streamlit (Resource)

Resource used to manage streamlits objects. For more information, check [streamlit documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/commands-streamlit).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# basic resource
resource "snowflake_streamlit" "streamlit" {
  database  = "database"
  schema    = "schema"
  name      = "streamlit"
  stage     = "streamlit_db.streamlit_schema.streamlit_stage"
  main_file = "/streamlit_main.py"
}
# resource with all fields set
resource "snowflake_streamlit" "streamlit" {
  database                     = "database"
  schema                       = "schema"
  name                         = "streamlit"
  stage                        = "streamlit_db.streamlit_schema.streamlit_stage"
  directory_location           = "src"
  main_file                    = "streamlit_main.py"
  query_warehouse              = "warehouse"
  external_access_integrations = ["integration_id"]
  title                        = "title"
  comment                      = "comment"
}
```
-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Snowflake-Labs/snowflake/latest/docs/guides/identifiers#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the streamlit
- `main_file` (String) Specifies the filename of the Streamlit Python application. This filename is relative to the value of `root_location`
- `name` (String) String that specifies the identifier (i.e. name) for the streamlit; must be unique in your account.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the streamlit.
- `stage` (String) The stage in which streamlit files are located.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the streamlit.
- `directory_location` (String) Specifies the full path to the named stage containing the Streamlit Python files, media files, and the environment.yml file.
- `external_access_integrations` (Set of String) External access integrations connected to the Streamlit.
- `query_warehouse` (String) Specifies the warehouse where SQL queries issued by the Streamlit application are run.
- `title` (String) Specifies a title for the Streamlit app to display in Snowsight.

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE STREAMLIT` for the given streamlit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW STREAMLIT` for the given streamli. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `default_packages` (String)
- `external_access_integrations` (Set of String)
- `external_access_secrets` (String)
- `import_urls` (Set of String)
- `main_file` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `query_warehouse` (String)
- `root_location` (String)
- `title` (String)
- `url_id` (String)
- `user_packages` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `query_warehouse` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)
- `title` (String)
- `url_id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# format is database name | schema name | streamlit name
terraform import snowflake_streamlit.example 'dbName|schemaName|streamlitName'
```
