---
page_title: "snowflake_warehouse Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource used to manage warehouse objects. For more information, check warehouse documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/commands-warehouse.
---

# snowflake_warehouse (Resource)

Resource used to manage warehouse objects. For more information, check [warehouse documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/commands-warehouse).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_warehouse" "warehouse" {
  name           = "test"
  comment        = "foo"
  warehouse_size = "small"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Identifier for the virtual warehouse; must be unique for your account.

### Optional

- `auto_resume` (Boolean) Specifies whether to automatically resume a warehouse when a SQL statement (e.g. query) is submitted to it.
- `auto_suspend` (Number) Specifies the number of seconds of inactivity after which a warehouse is automatically suspended.
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the warehouse.
- `enable_query_acceleration` (Boolean) Specifies whether to enable the query acceleration service for queries that rely on this warehouse for compute resources.
- `initially_suspended` (Boolean) Specifies whether the warehouse is created initially in the ‘Suspended’ state.
- `max_cluster_count` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of server clusters for the warehouse.
- `max_concurrency_level` (Number) Object parameter that specifies the concurrency level for SQL statements (i.e. queries and DML) executed by a warehouse.
- `min_cluster_count` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of server clusters for the warehouse (only applies to multi-cluster warehouses).
- `query_acceleration_max_scale_factor` (Number) Specifies the maximum scale factor for leasing compute resources for query acceleration. The scale factor is used as a multiplier based on warehouse size.
- `resource_monitor` (String) Specifies the name of a resource monitor that is explicitly assigned to the warehouse.
- `scaling_policy` (String) Specifies the policy for automatically starting and shutting down clusters in a multi-cluster warehouse running in Auto-scale mode. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `STANDARD` | `ECONOMY`.
- `statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds` (Number) Object parameter that specifies the time, in seconds, a SQL statement (query, DDL, DML, etc.) can be queued on a warehouse before it is canceled by the system.
- `statement_timeout_in_seconds` (Number) Specifies the time, in seconds, after which a running SQL statement (query, DDL, DML, etc.) is canceled by the system
- `warehouse_size` (String) Specifies the size of the virtual warehouse. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `XSMALL` | `X-SMALL` | `SMALL` | `MEDIUM` | `LARGE` | `XLARGE` | `X-LARGE` | `XXLARGE` | `X2LARGE` | `2X-LARGE` | `XXXLARGE` | `X3LARGE` | `3X-LARGE` | `X4LARGE` | `4X-LARGE` | `X5LARGE` | `5X-LARGE` | `X6LARGE` | `6X-LARGE`. Consult [warehouse documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-warehouse#optional-properties-objectproperties) for the details.
- `warehouse_type` (String) Specifies warehouse type. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `STANDARD` | `SNOWPARK-OPTIMIZED`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `parameters` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW PARAMETERS IN WAREHOUSE` for the given warehouse. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW WAREHOUSE` for the given warehouse. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Read-Only:

- `max_concurrency_level` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--parameters--max_concurrency_level))
- `statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--parameters--statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds))
- `statement_timeout_in_seconds` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--parameters--statement_timeout_in_seconds))

<a id="nestedobjatt--parameters--max_concurrency_level"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.max_concurrency_level`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `level` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--parameters--statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `level` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--parameters--statement_timeout_in_seconds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.statement_timeout_in_seconds`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `level` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `auto_resume` (Boolean)
- `auto_suspend` (Number)
- `available` (Number)
- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `enable_query_acceleration` (Boolean)
- `is_current` (Boolean)
- `is_default` (Boolean)
- `max_cluster_count` (Number)
- `min_cluster_count` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `other` (Number)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `provisioning` (Number)
- `query_acceleration_max_scale_factor` (Number)
- `queued` (Number)
- `quiescing` (Number)
- `resource_monitor` (String)
- `resumed_on` (String)
- `running` (Number)
- `scaling_policy` (String)
- `size` (String)
- `started_clusters` (Number)
- `state` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `updated_on` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_warehouse.example warehouseName
```
